# Page snapshot

```yaml
- generic [active] [ref=e1]:
  - banner [ref=e2]:
    - button "CFDs are complex instruments and come with a high risk of losing money rapidly due to leverage. 81.31% of retail investor accounts lose money when trading CFDs with this provider. You should consider whether you understand how CFDs work and whether you can afford to take the high risk of losing your money." [ref=e3]:
      - generic [ref=e6]:
        - text: CFDs are complex instruments and come with a high risk of losing money rapidly due to leverage.
        - generic [ref=e7]:
          - strong [ref=e8]: 81.31% of retail investor accounts lose money when trading CFDs with this provider.
          - text: You should consider whether you understand how CFDs work and whether you can afford to take the high risk of losing your money.
    - generic [ref=e12]:
      - generic [ref=e13]:
        - link "PERSONAL" [ref=e14] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: /en-int
        - link "PROFESSIONAL" [ref=e15] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: /en-int/professional
        - link "PARTNERS" [ref=e16] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: /en-int/partnerships
      - generic [ref=e17]:
        - link "SUPPORT" [ref=e18] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: /en-int/help
        - button "en" [ref=e20] [cursor=pointer]:
          - strong [ref=e22]: en
    - generic [ref=e23]:
      - link [ref=e24] [cursor=pointer]:
        - /url: /en-int
        - img [ref=e25]
      - generic [ref=e35]:
        - generic [ref=e36]:
          - link "Trading" [ref=e39] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: /en-int/ways-to-trade
          - generic:
            - generic:
              - generic:
                - link "Trading":
                  - /url: /en-int/ways-to-trade
                  - generic:
                    - generic: Trading
              - generic:
                - generic:
                  - generic:
                    - strong: Ways to trade
                - generic:
                  - generic:
                    - strong: Trading platforms
                - generic:
                  - generic:
                    - strong: Trading info
                - generic:
                  - link "Trading tools":
                    - /url: /en-int/tools-and-calculators
                    - strong: Trading tools
        - generic [ref=e40]:
          - link "Markets" [ref=e43] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: /en-int/markets
          - generic:
            - generic:
              - generic:
                - link "Markets":
                  - /url: /en-int/markets
                  - generic:
                    - generic: Markets
              - generic:
                - generic:
                  - generic:
                    - strong: Our markets
                - generic:
                  - generic:
                    - strong: Market updates
        - generic [ref=e44]:
          - link "Pricing" [ref=e47] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: /en-int/ways-to-trade/fees-and-charges
          - generic:
            - generic:
              - generic:
                - link "Pricing":
                  - /url: /en-int/ways-to-trade/fees-and-charges
                  - generic:
                    - generic: Pricing
              - generic:
                - generic:
                  - generic:
                    - strong: Pricing
        - generic [ref=e48]:
          - link "Learn" [ref=e51] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: /en-int/learn
          - generic:
            - generic:
              - generic:
                - link "Learn":
                  - /url: /en-int/learn
                  - generic:
                    - generic: Learn
              - generic:
                - generic:
                  - generic:
                    - strong: For trading beginners
                - generic:
                  - generic:
                    - strong: For experienced traders
        - generic [ref=e52]:
          - link "About" [ref=e55] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: /en-int/about-us
          - generic:
            - generic:
              - generic:
                - link "About":
                  - /url: /en-int/about-us
                  - generic:
                    - generic: About
              - generic:
                - generic:
                  - generic:
                    - strong: About us
                - generic:
                  - generic:
                    - strong: Get help
                - generic:
                  - generic:
                    - strong: Work for us
      - generic [ref=e56]:
        - generic [ref=e57]:
          - button "Log In" [ref=e58] [cursor=pointer]: Log In
          - button "Sign Up" [ref=e59] [cursor=pointer]: Sign Up
        - link "Open platform user":
          - /url: /trading/platform/
          - text: Open platform
          - img "user"
  - generic [ref=e61]:
    - generic [ref=e63]:
      - generic [ref=e67]:
        - heading "Trade with a trusted global broker" [level=1] [ref=e68]
        - paragraph [ref=e70]: Join a community of 800,000+ traders from around the world. Our customers love us so much, they’ve traded over $1tn in volume with us.
        - generic [ref=e71]:
          - button "Sign Up" [ref=e72] [cursor=pointer]
          - button "Try Demo" [ref=e73] [cursor=pointer]
      - paragraph [ref=e74]: Authorised and regulated by the Securities Commission of The Bahamas (the SCB)
    - generic [ref=e76]:
      - link "4.8" [ref=e77] [cursor=pointer]:
        - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
        - strong [ref=e80]: "4.8"
      - link "Ratings and Reviews 4.7" [ref=e83] [cursor=pointer]:
        - /url: https://app.appsflyer.com/id1230088754?cp_device_id=5b1d869a-9d68-4465-90a6-abbeaf62be4c&af_js_web=true&af_ss_ver=2_9_0&pid=organic_web&af_ss_ui=true
        - strong [ref=e85]: Ratings and Reviews
        - strong [ref=e87]: "4.7"
      - link "Ratings and Reviews 4.7" [ref=e90] [cursor=pointer]:
        - /url: https://app.appsflyer.com/com.capital.trading?cp_device_id=5b1d869a-9d68-4465-90a6-abbeaf62be4c&af_js_web=true&af_ss_ver=2_9_0&pid=organic_web&af_ss_ui=true
        - strong [ref=e92]: Ratings and Reviews
        - strong [ref=e94]: "4.7"
      - link "4.6" [ref=e97] [cursor=pointer]:
        - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
        - strong [ref=e100]: "4.6"
    - generic [ref=e104]:
      - heading "Why choose Capital.com?" [level=2] [ref=e106]
      - generic [ref=e107]:
        - generic [ref=e110]:
          - heading "Trade on the Best Overall Trading Platform 2024" [level=3] [ref=e111]
          - generic [ref=e112]: "Find out why we won at 2024’s Online Money Awards: customisable charts, user-friendly interface and loads more helpful trading features."
          - link "Discover our platforms" [ref=e113] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: /en-int/trading-platforms
            - generic [ref=e114]: Discover our platforms
        - generic [ref=e117]:
          - heading "Fast account opening" [level=3] [ref=e118]
          - generic [ref=e119]: Opening an account with us is quick and simple – you could be logged in and trading today.
          - button "Sign up now" [ref=e120] [cursor=pointer]:
            - generic [ref=e121]: Sign up now
        - generic [ref=e124]:
          - heading "Your markets, your leverage" [level=3] [ref=e125]
          - generic [ref=e126]: Trade CFDs on the US Tech 100, bitcoin, USD/JPY, natural gas and thousands more, choosing the leverage that suits you.
          - link "Explore what to trade" [ref=e127] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: /en-int/markets
            - generic [ref=e128]: Explore what to trade
        - generic [ref=e131]:
          - heading "Clear, competitive fees" [level=3] [ref=e132]
          - generic [ref=e133]: 0% commission, always. Transparent charges for spreads, overnight funding and guaranteed stop-losses. Click the link below to learn more.
          - link "Check fees" [ref=e134] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: /en-int/ways-to-trade/fees-and-charges
            - generic [ref=e135]: Check fees
        - generic [ref=e138]:
          - heading "24/7 support in English" [level=3] [ref=e139]
          - generic [ref=e140]: Questions about your account or trading with us? Get in touch with our friendly, helpful team by phone, email, Whatsapp or live chat. English 24/7, German, Italian and Spanish in office hours.
          - link "Get in touch" [ref=e141] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: /en-int/contact-us
            - generic [ref=e142]: Get in touch
        - generic [ref=e145]:
          - heading "Everything you need to trade" [level=3] [ref=e146]
          - generic [ref=e147]: Compare multiple markets on fast charts. Find tradable patterns with 100+ indicators. Trade direct from in-platform news. Seamless TradingView and MT4 integration. There’s more, but we’re running out of room!
          - link "More ways we help you trade" [ref=e148] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: /en-int/ways-to-trade
            - generic [ref=e149]: More ways we help you trade
      - button "Sign up" [ref=e151] [cursor=pointer]
    - generic [ref=e152]:
      - generic [ref=e154]:
        - heading "Read our reviews to find out more about us" [level=2] [ref=e155]
        - generic [ref=e156]: Read the feedback from our clients, whatever their experience level.
      - generic [ref=e157]:
        - region [ref=e158]:
          - generic [ref=e160]:
            - group [ref=e161]:
              - link [ref=e162] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                - generic [ref=e165]: 2025-07-01
                - strong [ref=e166]: V***** F******* N***** S****
                - paragraph [ref=e168]: Great customer service I got to say that. They helped get my account back very fast, after i logged myself out by losing my old email, it was so fast you wouldn’t believe it thank you once again.
            - group [ref=e170]:
              - link [ref=e171] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                - generic [ref=e174]: 2025-06-30
                - strong [ref=e175]: B******
                - paragraph [ref=e177]: Everything worked as expected from the 1 day. I didn’t have to search how to use the platform, it’s intuitive. The support chat was there when I had a tiny issue.
            - group [ref=e179]:
              - link [ref=e180] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                - generic [ref=e183]: 2025-06-27
                - strong [ref=e184]: G** G******
                - paragraph [ref=e186]: Capital.com has been great for both learning and trading. The app is clean, fast, and packed with useful tools. Customer support has been solid too. Definitely recommended for beginners and active traders alike.
            - group [ref=e188]:
              - link [ref=e189] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
                - generic [ref=e192]: 2025-06-24
                - strong [ref=e193]: R**************
                - paragraph [ref=e195]: I trade every day and Capital is my beloved home. I also create music and you can always feel when something has been created from the heart. Capital has soul!
            - group [ref=e197]:
              - link [ref=e198] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
                - generic [ref=e201]: 2025-06-19
                - strong [ref=e202]: d*********
                - paragraph [ref=e204]: I would like to express a huge thank you to Evgeniya Logvinovich, customer service manager. For your attention and heartfelt attitude to your clients.❤️
            - group [ref=e206]:
              - link [ref=e207] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
                - generic [ref=e210]: 2025-06-19
                - strong [ref=e211]: f*********
                - paragraph [ref=e213]: I am extremely happy with this broker. Great spreads, good selection of instruments, well coded toolbox.
            - group [ref=e215]:
              - link [ref=e216] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
                - generic [ref=e219]: 2025-05-29
                - strong [ref=e220]: C*********
                - paragraph [ref=e222]: Love the TV integration. Makes traders life smooth and comfortable.
            - group [ref=e224]:
              - link [ref=e225] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
                - generic [ref=e228]: 2025-05-24
                - strong [ref=e229]: R**************
                - paragraph [ref=e231]: I trade every day and Capital is my beloved home. I also create music and you can always feel when something has been created from the heart. Capital has soul!
            - group [ref=e233]:
              - link [ref=e234] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
                - generic [ref=e237]: 2025-05-20
                - strong [ref=e238]: G****
                - paragraph [ref=e240]: I’d been paper trading for 2yrs now, went live and this platform is easy for beginners to understand and navigate all important tools to execute all that I learned. Earning now!
            - group [ref=e242]:
              - link [ref=e243] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://app.appsflyer.com/com.capital.trading
                - generic [ref=e246]: 2025-04-29
                - strong [ref=e247]: d******
                - paragraph [ref=e249]: This application is perfect.. simple, easy to use, run smoothly and fast and it has an accurate graphics.. be careful to use only one credit card and one bank account to prevent any withdrawal problem.. overnight fees and spread variation will be repaid for you by the next month.. I used many application but this is the best one
            - group [ref=e251]:
              - link [ref=e252] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                - generic [ref=e255]: 2025-02-06
                - strong [ref=e256]: N***** B***
                - paragraph [ref=e258]: User friendly app & interface and good support team. Funds transfer ease & Leverage is an advantage but crypto is highly risky be responsible of your loss limits and risks appetite.
            - group [ref=e260]:
              - link [ref=e261] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                - generic [ref=e264]: 2025-06-29
                - strong [ref=e265]: p*******
                - paragraph [ref=e267]: Capital is really great to be used on start, also beginner friendly broker! Great costumer support and it is quick!
            - group "1 of 12" [ref=e269]:
              - link "2025-07-01 V***** F******* N***** S**** Great customer service I got to say that. They helped get my account back very fast, after i logged myself out by losing my old email, it was so fast you wouldn’t believe it thank you once again." [ref=e270] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                - generic [ref=e273]: 2025-07-01
                - strong [ref=e274]: V***** F******* N***** S****
                - paragraph [ref=e276]: Great customer service I got to say that. They helped get my account back very fast, after i logged myself out by losing my old email, it was so fast you wouldn’t believe it thank you once again.
            - group "2 of 12" [ref=e278]:
              - link "2025-06-30 B****** Everything worked as expected from the 1 day. I didn’t have to search how to use the platform, it’s intuitive. The support chat was there when I had a tiny issue." [ref=e279] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                - generic [ref=e282]: 2025-06-30
                - strong [ref=e283]: B******
                - paragraph [ref=e285]: Everything worked as expected from the 1 day. I didn’t have to search how to use the platform, it’s intuitive. The support chat was there when I had a tiny issue.
            - group "3 of 12" [ref=e287]:
              - link "2025-06-27 G** G****** Capital.com has been great for both learning and trading. The app is clean, fast, and packed with useful tools. Customer support has been solid too. Definitely recommended for beginners and active traders alike." [ref=e288] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                - generic [ref=e291]: 2025-06-27
                - strong [ref=e292]: G** G******
                - paragraph [ref=e294]: Capital.com has been great for both learning and trading. The app is clean, fast, and packed with useful tools. Customer support has been solid too. Definitely recommended for beginners and active traders alike.
            - group [ref=e296]:
              - link [ref=e297] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
                - generic [ref=e300]: 2025-06-24
                - strong [ref=e301]: R**************
                - paragraph [ref=e303]: I trade every day and Capital is my beloved home. I also create music and you can always feel when something has been created from the heart. Capital has soul!
            - group [ref=e305]:
              - link [ref=e306] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
                - generic [ref=e309]: 2025-06-19
                - strong [ref=e310]: d*********
                - paragraph [ref=e312]: I would like to express a huge thank you to Evgeniya Logvinovich, customer service manager. For your attention and heartfelt attitude to your clients.❤️
            - group [ref=e314]:
              - link [ref=e315] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
                - generic [ref=e318]: 2025-06-19
                - strong [ref=e319]: f*********
                - paragraph [ref=e321]: I am extremely happy with this broker. Great spreads, good selection of instruments, well coded toolbox.
            - group [ref=e323]:
              - link [ref=e324] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
                - generic [ref=e327]: 2025-05-29
                - strong [ref=e328]: C*********
                - paragraph [ref=e330]: Love the TV integration. Makes traders life smooth and comfortable.
            - group [ref=e332]:
              - link [ref=e333] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
                - generic [ref=e336]: 2025-05-24
                - strong [ref=e337]: R**************
                - paragraph [ref=e339]: I trade every day and Capital is my beloved home. I also create music and you can always feel when something has been created from the heart. Capital has soul!
            - group [ref=e341]:
              - link [ref=e342] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
                - generic [ref=e345]: 2025-05-20
                - strong [ref=e346]: G****
                - paragraph [ref=e348]: I’d been paper trading for 2yrs now, went live and this platform is easy for beginners to understand and navigate all important tools to execute all that I learned. Earning now!
            - group [ref=e350]:
              - link [ref=e351] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://app.appsflyer.com/com.capital.trading?cp_device_id=5b1d869a-9d68-4465-90a6-abbeaf62be4c&af_js_web=true&af_ss_ver=2_9_0&pid=organic_web&af_ss_ui=true
                - generic [ref=e354]: 2025-04-29
                - strong [ref=e355]: d******
                - paragraph [ref=e357]: This application is perfect.. simple, easy to use, run smoothly and fast and it has an accurate graphics.. be careful to use only one credit card and one bank account to prevent any withdrawal problem.. overnight fees and spread variation will be repaid for you by the next month.. I used many application but this is the best one
            - group [ref=e359]:
              - link [ref=e360] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                - generic [ref=e363]: 2025-02-06
                - strong [ref=e364]: N***** B***
                - paragraph [ref=e366]: User friendly app & interface and good support team. Funds transfer ease & Leverage is an advantage but crypto is highly risky be responsible of your loss limits and risks appetite.
            - group [ref=e368]:
              - link [ref=e369] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                - generic [ref=e372]: 2025-06-29
                - strong [ref=e373]: p*******
                - paragraph [ref=e375]: Capital is really great to be used on start, also beginner friendly broker! Great costumer support and it is quick!
            - group [ref=e377]:
              - link [ref=e378] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                - generic [ref=e381]: 2025-07-01
                - strong [ref=e382]: V***** F******* N***** S****
                - paragraph [ref=e384]: Great customer service I got to say that. They helped get my account back very fast, after i logged myself out by losing my old email, it was so fast you wouldn’t believe it thank you once again.
            - group [ref=e386]:
              - link [ref=e387] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                - generic [ref=e390]: 2025-06-30
                - strong [ref=e391]: B******
                - paragraph [ref=e393]: Everything worked as expected from the 1 day. I didn’t have to search how to use the platform, it’s intuitive. The support chat was there when I had a tiny issue.
            - group [ref=e395]:
              - link [ref=e396] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                - generic [ref=e399]: 2025-06-27
                - strong [ref=e400]: G** G******
                - paragraph [ref=e402]: Capital.com has been great for both learning and trading. The app is clean, fast, and packed with useful tools. Customer support has been solid too. Definitely recommended for beginners and active traders alike.
            - group [ref=e404]:
              - link [ref=e405] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
                - generic [ref=e408]: 2025-06-24
                - strong [ref=e409]: R**************
                - paragraph [ref=e411]: I trade every day and Capital is my beloved home. I also create music and you can always feel when something has been created from the heart. Capital has soul!
            - group [ref=e413]:
              - link [ref=e414] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
                - generic [ref=e417]: 2025-06-19
                - strong [ref=e418]: d*********
                - paragraph [ref=e420]: I would like to express a huge thank you to Evgeniya Logvinovich, customer service manager. For your attention and heartfelt attitude to your clients.❤️
            - group [ref=e422]:
              - link [ref=e423] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
                - generic [ref=e426]: 2025-06-19
                - strong [ref=e427]: f*********
                - paragraph [ref=e429]: I am extremely happy with this broker. Great spreads, good selection of instruments, well coded toolbox.
            - group [ref=e431]:
              - link [ref=e432] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
                - generic [ref=e435]: 2025-05-29
                - strong [ref=e436]: C*********
                - paragraph [ref=e438]: Love the TV integration. Makes traders life smooth and comfortable.
            - group [ref=e440]:
              - link [ref=e441] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
                - generic [ref=e444]: 2025-05-24
                - strong [ref=e445]: R**************
                - paragraph [ref=e447]: I trade every day and Capital is my beloved home. I also create music and you can always feel when something has been created from the heart. Capital has soul!
            - group [ref=e449]:
              - link [ref=e450] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
                - generic [ref=e453]: 2025-05-20
                - strong [ref=e454]: G****
                - paragraph [ref=e456]: I’d been paper trading for 2yrs now, went live and this platform is easy for beginners to understand and navigate all important tools to execute all that I learned. Earning now!
            - group [ref=e458]:
              - link [ref=e459] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://app.appsflyer.com/com.capital.trading
                - generic [ref=e462]: 2025-04-29
                - strong [ref=e463]: d******
                - paragraph [ref=e465]: This application is perfect.. simple, easy to use, run smoothly and fast and it has an accurate graphics.. be careful to use only one credit card and one bank account to prevent any withdrawal problem.. overnight fees and spread variation will be repaid for you by the next month.. I used many application but this is the best one
            - group [ref=e467]:
              - link [ref=e468] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                - generic [ref=e471]: 2025-02-06
                - strong [ref=e472]: N***** B***
                - paragraph [ref=e474]: User friendly app & interface and good support team. Funds transfer ease & Leverage is an advantage but crypto is highly risky be responsible of your loss limits and risks appetite.
            - group [ref=e476]:
              - link [ref=e477] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                - generic [ref=e480]: 2025-06-29
                - strong [ref=e481]: p*******
                - paragraph [ref=e483]: Capital is really great to be used on start, also beginner friendly broker! Great costumer support and it is quick!
          - generic:
            - button "Go to last slide" [ref=e485] [cursor=pointer]
            - button "Next slide" [ref=e486] [cursor=pointer]
        - paragraph [ref=e487]: Showing our 4 & 5 star reviews. The specific details of the user have been intentionally anonymised to safeguard their privacy pursuant to GDPR requirements.
      - generic [ref=e489]:
        - link "4.8" [ref=e490] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
          - strong [ref=e493]: "4.8"
        - link "Ratings and Reviews 4.7" [ref=e496] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: https://app.appsflyer.com/id1230088754?cp_device_id=5b1d869a-9d68-4465-90a6-abbeaf62be4c&af_js_web=true&af_ss_ver=2_9_0&pid=organic_web&af_ss_ui=true
          - strong [ref=e498]: Ratings and Reviews
          - strong [ref=e500]: "4.7"
        - link "Ratings and Reviews 4.7" [ref=e503] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: https://app.appsflyer.com/com.capital.trading?cp_device_id=5b1d869a-9d68-4465-90a6-abbeaf62be4c&af_js_web=true&af_ss_ver=2_9_0&pid=organic_web&af_ss_ui=true
          - strong [ref=e505]: Ratings and Reviews
          - strong [ref=e507]: "4.7"
        - link "4.6" [ref=e510] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
          - strong [ref=e513]: "4.6"
    - generic [ref=e517]:
      - generic [ref=e518]:
        - heading "For experienced traders" [level=2] [ref=e519]
        - paragraph [ref=e521]: The ideal service, tools and resources to further advance your skills.
      - generic [ref=e522]:
        - generic [ref=e524]:
          - heading "Charting tools and indicators" [level=3] [ref=e525]
          - paragraph [ref=e527]: Sharpen your analysis with an array of intuitive charts, drawing tools and 100+ indicators.
        - generic [ref=e529]:
          - heading "Get flexible leverage" [level=3] [ref=e530]
          - paragraph [ref=e532]: Control larger positions with low margins on selected markets. Leverage magnifies both profits and losses. Limits may apply.
        - generic [ref=e534]:
          - heading "Round-the-clock support" [level=3] [ref=e535]
          - paragraph [ref=e537]: Our knowledgeable team is available 24/7 to assist you.
        - generic [ref=e539]:
          - heading "Customisable price alerts" [level=3] [ref=e540]
          - paragraph [ref=e542]: Monitor the price movements of your favourite assets and stay on top of your strategy.
      - generic [ref=e543]:
        - img "platform" [ref=e545]
        - generic [ref=e546]:
          - heading "Rapid withdrawals" [level=2] [ref=e547]
          - paragraph [ref=e549]: 99% of withdrawals are processed within 24 hours, according to our internal server data from 2024.
    - generic [ref=e551]:
      - generic [ref=e552]:
        - heading "Our markets" [level=2] [ref=e553]
        - generic [ref=e554]: Stay informed with the data that matters, on 5,000+ markets. Get the latest news, trader sentiment, spreads, price action and much more.
      - generic [ref=e555]:
        - generic [ref=e558]:
          - button "All All Commodities Forex Indices Shares Crypto" [ref=e559]:
            - button "All" [ref=e560] [cursor=pointer]:
              - textbox "All" [ref=e562]
            - generic:
              - button "All"
              - button "Commodities"
              - button "Forex"
              - button "Indices"
              - button "Shares"
              - button "Crypto"
          - button "Most traded Sort Top fallers Most traded Top risers Most volatile" [ref=e563]:
            - button "Most traded Sort" [ref=e564] [cursor=pointer]:
              - generic [ref=e565]:
                - textbox "Sort" [ref=e566]:
                  - /placeholder: " "
                  - text: Most traded
                - generic: Sort
            - generic:
              - button "Top fallers"
              - button "Most traded"
              - button "Top risers"
              - button "Most volatile"
        - region [ref=e567]:
          - generic [ref=e568]:
            - group "1 of 8" [ref=e569]:
              - button "Gold 4673.99 +3.62%" [ref=e570]:
                - generic [ref=e571]:
                  - generic [ref=e572]: Gold
                  - generic [ref=e573]:
                    - generic [ref=e574]: "4673.99"
                    - generic [ref=e575]: +3.62%
            - group "2 of 8" [ref=e576]:
              - button "Bitcoin/USD 67870.20 +1.96%" [ref=e577] [cursor=pointer]:
                - generic [ref=e578]:
                  - generic [ref=e579]: Bitcoin/USD
                  - generic [ref=e580]:
                    - generic [ref=e581]: "67870.20"
                    - generic [ref=e582]: +1.96%
            - group "3 of 8" [ref=e583]:
              - button "Ripple/USD 1.34572 +1.510%" [ref=e584] [cursor=pointer]:
                - generic [ref=e585]:
                  - generic [ref=e586]: Ripple/USD
                  - generic [ref=e587]:
                    - generic [ref=e588]: "1.34572"
                    - generic [ref=e589]: +1.510%
            - group "4 of 8" [ref=e590]:
              - button "Ethereum/USD 2097.44 +3.81%" [ref=e591] [cursor=pointer]:
                - generic [ref=e592]:
                  - generic [ref=e593]: Ethereum/USD
                  - generic [ref=e594]:
                    - generic [ref=e595]: "2097.44"
                    - generic [ref=e596]: +3.81%
            - group [ref=e597]:
              - button [ref=e598] [cursor=pointer]:
                - generic [ref=e599]:
                  - generic [ref=e600]: Crude Oil Spot
                  - generic [ref=e601]:
                    - generic [ref=e602]: "99.325"
                    - generic [ref=e603]: "-3.190%"
            - group [ref=e604]:
              - button [ref=e605] [cursor=pointer]:
                - generic [ref=e606]:
                  - generic [ref=e607]: US Tech 100
                  - generic [ref=e608]:
                    - generic [ref=e609]: "23702.5"
                    - generic [ref=e610]: +3.4%
            - group [ref=e611]:
              - button [ref=e612] [cursor=pointer]:
                - generic [ref=e613]:
                  - generic [ref=e614]: Silver
                  - generic [ref=e615]:
                    - generic [ref=e616]: "75.098"
                    - generic [ref=e617]: +7.150%
            - group [ref=e618]:
              - link [ref=e619] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: /en-int/markets
                - generic [ref=e620]: Browse all markets
          - button "Next slide" [ref=e621] [cursor=pointer]
        - generic [ref=e623]:
          - generic [ref=e624]:
            - generic [ref=e625]:
              - link "Gold" [ref=e626] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: /en-int/markets/commodities/gold-spot-commodity
                - heading "Gold" [level=3] [ref=e627]
              - generic [ref=e628]:
                - generic [ref=e629]:
                  - link "Sell 4673.49" [ref=e630] [cursor=pointer]:
                    - /url: /instrument?id=27045129890124996
                    - text: Sell
                    - paragraph [ref=e631]: "4673.49"
                  - link "Buy 4673.99" [ref=e632] [cursor=pointer]:
                    - /url: /instrument?id=27045129890124996
                    - text: Buy
                    - paragraph [ref=e633]: "4673.99"
                  - generic [ref=e634]: "0.50"
                - generic [ref=e635]:
                  - generic [ref=e636]: "Low: 4440.6"
                  - generic [ref=e637]: "High: 4675.49"
                - table [ref=e639]
                - generic [ref=e640]:
                  - generic [ref=e641]:
                    - generic [ref=e642]: Sellers
                    - generic [ref=e643]: 29.32%
                  - generic [ref=e644]:
                    - generic [ref=e645]: Buyers
                    - generic [ref=e646]: 70.68%
            - link "Browse all markets" [ref=e648] [cursor=pointer]:
              - /url: /en-int/markets
              - generic [ref=e649]: Browse all markets
          - generic [ref=e650]:
            - generic [ref=e651]:
              - generic [ref=e652]:
                - button "1d" [ref=e653]
                - button "1h" [ref=e654] [cursor=pointer]
                - button "4h" [ref=e655] [cursor=pointer]
                - button "1m" [ref=e656] [cursor=pointer]
                - button "5m" [ref=e657] [cursor=pointer]
                - button "15m" [ref=e658] [cursor=pointer]
                - button "30m" [ref=e659] [cursor=pointer]
                - button "1w" [ref=e660] [cursor=pointer]
              - generic [ref=e661]: Gold Spot
              - img [ref=e663]
            - strong [ref=e665]: Past performance is not a reliable indicator of future results
    - generic [ref=e668]:
      - generic [ref=e669]:
        - heading "For learner traders" [level=2] [ref=e670]
        - paragraph [ref=e672]: Start your trading journey with Capital.com.
      - generic [ref=e673]:
        - generic [ref=e674]:
          - generic [ref=e675]:
            - heading "User-friendly demo" [level=3] [ref=e676]
            - paragraph [ref=e678]: Build your trading experience with ease, risk-free.
            - button "Try demo" [ref=e680] [cursor=pointer]:
              - generic [ref=e681]: Try demo
          - img "phone" [ref=e683]
        - generic [ref=e684]:
          - generic [ref=e685]:
            - heading "In-depth education" [level=3] [ref=e686]
            - paragraph [ref=e688]:
              - text: Learn key concepts via accessible courses, webinars, videos and
              - link "trading tools" [ref=e689] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: /en-int/tools-and-calculators
              - text: .
            - link "Learn more" [ref=e691] [cursor=pointer]:
              - /url: en-int/learn
              - generic [ref=e692]: Learn more
          - img "phone" [ref=e694]
        - generic [ref=e696]:
          - heading "Dedicated help, 24/7" [level=3] [ref=e697]
          - paragraph [ref=e699]: Enjoy knowledgeable and friendly support, around the clock.
        - generic [ref=e701]:
          - heading "Flexible position sizing" [level=3] [ref=e702]
          - paragraph [ref=e704]: Stay comfortable with your exposure and trade using flexible sizings.
        - generic [ref=e706]:
          - heading "Risk-management tools" [level=3] [ref=e707]
          - paragraph [ref=e709]:
            - text: Use stop-losses
            - superscript [ref=e710]: "1"
            - text: to limit your downside when the market goes against you.
      - button "Sign up" [ref=e712] [cursor=pointer]
    - generic [ref=e715]:
      - generic [ref=e716]:
        - heading "Ready to join a leading broker?" [level=2] [ref=e717]
        - generic [ref=e718]: Join our community of traders worldwide
      - generic [ref=e719]:
        - button [ref=e721] [cursor=pointer]
        - generic [ref=e724]: 1. Create your account
        - generic [ref=e725]: 2. Make your first deposit
        - generic [ref=e726]: 3. Start trading
    - paragraph [ref=e729]:
      - superscript [ref=e730]: "1"
      - text: Stop-losses may not be guaranteed
  - contentinfo [ref=e732]:
    - generic [ref=e733]:
      - link [ref=e734] [cursor=pointer]:
        - /url: /en-int
        - img [ref=e735]
      - generic [ref=e743]:
        - link [ref=e744] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: https://twitter.com/capitalcom
        - link [ref=e745] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: https://www.linkedin.com/company/capital.com/
        - link [ref=e746] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: https://www.instagram.com/capitalcom/
        - link [ref=e747] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: https://www.tiktok.com/@capitalcom_international
        - link [ref=e748] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: https://www.facebook.com/capitalcom/
        - link [ref=e749] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: https://www.reddit.com/r/capitalcom/
      - generic [ref=e750]:
        - link [ref=e751] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: https://app.appsflyer.com/id1230088754?cp_device_id=5b1d869a-9d68-4465-90a6-abbeaf62be4c&af_js_web=true&af_ss_ver=2_9_0&pid=organic_web&af_ss_ui=true
        - link [ref=e752] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: https://app.appsflyer.com/com.capital.trading?cp_device_id=5b1d869a-9d68-4465-90a6-abbeaf62be4c&af_js_web=true&af_ss_ver=2_9_0&pid=organic_web&af_ss_ui=true
        - link [ref=e753] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: https://app.appsflyer.com/com.capital.trading.huawei-huawei?cp_device_id=5b1d869a-9d68-4465-90a6-abbeaf62be4c&af_js_web=true&af_ss_ver=2_9_0&pid=organic_web&af_ss_ui=true
    - generic [ref=e754]:
      - generic [ref=e755]:
        - generic [ref=e756]:
          - generic [ref=e757]:
            - generic [ref=e758]: "Country / Region:"
            - button "Hong Kong" [ref=e759] [cursor=pointer]: Hong Kong
          - generic [ref=e761]: •
          - generic [ref=e762]:
            - generic [ref=e763]: "Language:"
            - button "English" [ref=e764] [cursor=pointer]
        - generic [ref=e765]:
          - generic [ref=e766]: "Also you can contact us:"
          - link "+44 203 769 7865" [ref=e769] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: tel:+44 203 769 7865
          - generic [ref=e770]: •
          - link "support@capital.com" [ref=e772] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: mailto:support@capital.com
      - generic [ref=e773]:
        - generic [ref=e774]:
          - link "Trading" [ref=e776] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: /en-int/ways-to-trade
            - strong [ref=e777]: Trading
          - generic [ref=e778]:
            - generic [ref=e779]:
              - generic [ref=e780]: Ways to trade
              - generic [ref=e781]:
                - link "CFD trading" [ref=e783] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-int/ways-to-trade/cfd-trading
                - link "Rebates for All Traders" [ref=e785] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-int/ways-to-trade/rebates
            - generic [ref=e786]:
              - generic [ref=e787]: Trading platforms
              - generic [ref=e788]:
                - link "All platforms" [ref=e790] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-int/trading-platforms
                - link "Web platform" [ref=e792] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-int/trading-platforms/web-platform
                - link "Mobile apps" [ref=e794] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-int/trading-platforms/mobile-apps
                - link "TradingView" [ref=e796] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-int/trading-platforms/trading-view
                - link "MT4" [ref=e798] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-int/trading-platforms/mt4
                - link "MT5" [ref=e800] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-int/trading-platforms/mt5
                - link "API documentation" [ref=e802] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-int/trading-platforms/api-development-guide
            - generic [ref=e803]:
              - generic [ref=e804]: Trading info
              - generic [ref=e805]:
                - link "Margin Calls" [ref=e807] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-int/ways-to-trade/margin-calls
                - link "How withdrawals work" [ref=e809] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-int/ways-to-trade/how-withdrawals-work
                - link "Fraud prevention" [ref=e811] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-int/ways-to-trade/fraud-awareness
            - generic [ref=e812]:
              - link "Trading tools" [ref=e813] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: /en-int/tools-and-calculators
              - generic [ref=e814]:
                - link "CFD calculator" [ref=e816] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-int/ways-to-trade/cfd-trading/cfd-calculator
                - link "Demo trading" [ref=e818] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-int/trading-platforms/demo-account
        - generic [ref=e819]:
          - link "Markets" [ref=e821] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: /en-int/markets
            - strong [ref=e822]: Markets
          - generic [ref=e823]:
            - generic [ref=e824]:
              - generic [ref=e825]: Our markets
              - generic [ref=e826]:
                - link "Shares" [ref=e828] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-int/markets/shares
                - link "Forex" [ref=e830] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-int/markets/forex
                - link "Indices" [ref=e832] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-int/markets/indices
                - link "Commodities" [ref=e834] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-int/markets/commodities
                - link "Cryptocurrencies" [ref=e836] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-int/markets/cryptocurrencies
            - generic [ref=e837]:
              - generic [ref=e838]: Market updates
              - generic [ref=e839]:
                - link "Market analysis" [ref=e841] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-int/analysis
                - link "News" [ref=e843] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-int/news
            - link "All Markets & Instruments" [ref=e845] [cursor=pointer]:
              - /url: /en-int/markets-and-instruments-sitemap
        - generic [ref=e846]:
          - link "Pricing" [ref=e848] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: /en-int/ways-to-trade/fees-and-charges
            - strong [ref=e849]: Pricing
          - generic [ref=e851]:
            - generic [ref=e852]: Pricing
            - generic [ref=e853]:
              - link "Charges and fees" [ref=e855] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: /en-int/ways-to-trade/fees-and-charges
              - link "Our business model" [ref=e857] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: /en-int/about-us/how-capital-makes-money
              - link "Capital.com's pricing" [ref=e859] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: /en-int/ways-to-trade/pricing
              - link "Markets pricing" [ref=e861] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: /en-int/about-us/how-our-markets-are-priced
        - generic [ref=e862]:
          - link "Learn" [ref=e864] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: /en-int/learn
            - strong [ref=e865]: Learn
          - generic [ref=e866]:
            - generic [ref=e867]:
              - generic [ref=e868]: For trading beginners
              - generic [ref=e869]:
                - link "Trading Essentials" [ref=e871] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-int/learn/essentials
                - link "Risk management" [ref=e873] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-int/learn/risk-management
                - link "Market guides" [ref=e875] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-int/learn/market-guides
                - link "Demo trading" [ref=e877] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-int/trading-platforms/demo-account
                - link "Commodity course" [ref=e879] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-int/learn/commodity-course
                - link "Indices course" [ref=e881] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-int/learn/indices-course
                - link "Crypto course" [ref=e883] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-int/learn/crypto-course
                - link "Stock course" [ref=e885] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-int/learn/stock-course
                - link "Forex course" [ref=e887] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-int/learn/forex-course
                - link "Investmate app" [ref=e889] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-int/learn/investmate-trading-app
                - link "Glossary" [ref=e891] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-int/learn/glossary
            - generic [ref=e892]:
              - generic [ref=e893]: For experienced traders
              - generic [ref=e894]:
                - link "Trading Strategies" [ref=e896] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-int/learn/trading-strategies
                - link "Technical analysis" [ref=e898] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-int/learn/technical-analysis
                - link "Market analysis" [ref=e900] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-int/analysis
                - link "Trading Psychology" [ref=e902] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-int/learn/trading-psychology
                - link "IPO Trading" [ref=e904] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-int/learn/ipo
        - generic [ref=e905]:
          - link "About" [ref=e907] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: /en-int/about-us
            - strong [ref=e908]: About
          - generic [ref=e909]:
            - generic [ref=e910]:
              - generic [ref=e911]: About us
              - generic [ref=e912]:
                - link "Leadership team" [ref=e914] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-int/about-us/our-leadership
                - link "Why Capital.com?" [ref=e916] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-int/why-capital
                - link "Is Capital.com safe?" [ref=e918] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-int/security-measures
                - link "Our history" [ref=e920] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-int/about-us/our-history
                - link "Our offices" [ref=e922] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-int/about-us/our-offices
                - link "Contact us" [ref=e924] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-int/contact-us
                - link "Refer a friend" [ref=e926] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-int/refer-a-friend
                - link "Investor Relations" [ref=e928] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-int/about-us/investor-relations
                - link "Press releases" [ref=e930] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-int/media-centre
            - generic [ref=e931]:
              - generic [ref=e932]: Get help
              - generic [ref=e933]:
                - link "Help" [ref=e935] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-int/help
                - link "Client vulnerability" [ref=e937] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-int/help/client-vulnerability
                - link "Complaints" [ref=e939] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-int/help/complaints
                - link "Terms and policies" [ref=e941] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-int/terms-and-policies
                - link "How to deposit USDT" [ref=e943] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-int/help/how-to-deposit-usdt
            - generic [ref=e944]:
              - generic [ref=e945]: Work for us
              - link "Careers" [ref=e948] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: /en-int/about-us/careers
    - generic [ref=e950]:
      - paragraph [ref=e951]:
        - text: CFDs are complex instruments and come with a high risk of losing money rapidly due to leverage.
        - generic [ref=e952]:
          - strong [ref=e953]: 81.31% of retail investor accounts lose money when trading CFDs with this provider.
          - text: You should consider whether you understand how CFDs work and whether you can afford to take the high risk of losing your money.
      - paragraph
      - paragraph [ref=e954]: "Capital Com Online Investments Ltd is a limited liability company with company number 209236B. Capital Com Online Investments Ltd is a Company registered in the Commonwealth of The Bahamas and authorised by the Securities Commission of The Bahamas with license number SIA-F245. The Company’s registered office is at #3 Bayside Executive Park, Blake Road and West Bay Street, P. O. Box CB 13012, Nassau, The Bahamas."
    - generic [ref=e955]:
      - paragraph [ref=e956]: © 2026 Capital Com Online Investments Ltd
      - generic [ref=e957]:
        - link "Sitemap" [ref=e958] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: /en-int/sitemap
        - link "Cookie Settings" [ref=e959] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: ""
        - link:
          - /url: /en-int
        - link "Terms and Policies" [ref=e960] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: /en-int/terms-and-policies
        - link "Complaints Procedure (SCB)" [ref=e961] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: /en-int/help/complaints
  - generic [ref=e964]:
    - generic [ref=e965]:
      - heading "Hey, looks like you’re in United States of America" [level=3] [ref=e967]
      - paragraph [ref=e968]: The products and services listed on this website are not available in United States of America.
    - button "Stay here" [ref=e970] [cursor=pointer]
  - generic:
    - generic: Cookie settings
  - button [ref=e971] [cursor=pointer]
  - alert [ref=e973]
```