# Page snapshot

```yaml
- generic [active] [ref=e1]:
  - banner [ref=e2]:
    - button "CFDs are complex instruments and come with a high risk of losing money rapidly due to leverage. You should consider whether you understand how CFDs work and can afford the risks." [ref=e3]:
      - generic [ref=e6]: CFDs are complex instruments and come with a high risk of losing money rapidly due to leverage. You should consider whether you understand how CFDs work and can afford the risks.
    - generic [ref=e10]:
      - generic [ref=e11]:
        - link "PERSONAL" [ref=e12] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: /en-au
        - link "PROFESSIONAL" [ref=e13] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: /en-au/professional
        - link "CORPORATE" [ref=e14] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: /en-au/corporate-accounts
        - link "PREMIUM" [ref=e15] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: /en-au/ways-to-trade/premium-services
      - generic [ref=e16]:
        - link "SUPPORT" [ref=e17] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: /en-au/help
        - button "en" [ref=e19] [cursor=pointer]:
          - strong [ref=e21]: en
    - generic [ref=e22]:
      - link [ref=e23] [cursor=pointer]:
        - /url: /en-au
        - img [ref=e24]
      - generic [ref=e33]:
        - button [ref=e35] [cursor=pointer]:
          - generic:
            - textbox "global-search":
              - /placeholder: Search
        - generic [ref=e36]:
          - generic [ref=e37]:
            - link "Trading" [ref=e40] [cursor=pointer]:
              - /url: /en-au/ways-to-trade
            - generic:
              - generic:
                - generic:
                  - link "Trading":
                    - /url: /en-au/ways-to-trade
                    - generic:
                      - generic: Trading
                - generic:
                  - generic:
                    - generic:
                      - strong: Ways to trade
                  - generic:
                    - generic:
                      - strong: Trading platforms
                  - generic:
                    - generic:
                      - strong: Trading info
                  - generic:
                    - generic:
                      - strong: Trading tools
          - generic [ref=e41]:
            - link "Markets" [ref=e44] [cursor=pointer]:
              - /url: /en-au/markets
            - generic:
              - generic:
                - generic:
                  - link "Markets":
                    - /url: /en-au/markets
                    - generic:
                      - generic: Markets
                - generic:
                  - generic:
                    - generic:
                      - strong: Our CFD markets
                  - generic:
                    - generic:
                      - strong: Market updates
          - generic [ref=e45]:
            - link "Learn" [ref=e48] [cursor=pointer]:
              - /url: /en-au/learn
            - generic:
              - generic:
                - generic:
                  - link "Learn":
                    - /url: /en-au/learn
                    - generic:
                      - generic: Learn
                - generic:
                  - generic:
                    - generic:
                      - strong: Trading basics
                  - generic:
                    - generic:
                      - strong: For experienced traders
          - generic [ref=e49]:
            - link "Pricing" [ref=e52] [cursor=pointer]:
              - /url: /en-au/ways-to-trade/fees-and-charges
            - generic:
              - generic:
                - generic:
                  - link "Pricing":
                    - /url: /en-au/ways-to-trade/fees-and-charges
                    - generic:
                      - generic: Pricing
                - generic:
                  - generic:
                    - generic:
                      - strong: Pricing
          - generic [ref=e53]:
            - link "About" [ref=e56] [cursor=pointer]:
              - /url: /en-au/about-us
            - generic:
              - generic:
                - generic:
                  - link "About":
                    - /url: /en-au/about-us
                    - generic:
                      - generic: About
                - generic:
                  - generic:
                    - generic:
                      - strong: About us
                  - generic:
                    - generic:
                      - strong: Get help
                  - generic:
                    - generic:
                      - strong: Work for us
      - generic [ref=e57]:
        - generic [ref=e58]:
          - button "Log In" [ref=e59] [cursor=pointer]: Log In
          - button "Sign Up" [ref=e60] [cursor=pointer]: Sign Up
        - link "Open platform user":
          - /url: /trading/platform/
          - text: Open platform
          - img "user"
  - generic [ref=e61]:
    - paragraph [ref=e64]:
      - link "Home•" [ref=e65] [cursor=pointer]:
        - /url: /en-au
      - link "All platforms •" [ref=e66] [cursor=pointer]:
        - /url: /en-au/trading-platforms
      - text: Web platform
    - generic [ref=e67]:
      - generic [ref=e73]:
        - generic [ref=e74]:
          - heading "The Capital.com web trading platform" [level=1] [ref=e75]
          - paragraph [ref=e77]:
            - text: Trade CFDs on an
            - link "award-winning" [ref=e78] [cursor=pointer]:
              - /url: https://capital.com/en-au/about-us
            - text: ", user-friendly platform with advanced tools, integrated financial news, personalised watchlists and much more."
        - button "Create account" [ref=e81] [cursor=pointer]
      - generic [ref=e84]:
        - generic [ref=e85]:
          - heading "Benefits of the Capital.com web trading platform" [level=2] [ref=e86]
          - paragraph [ref=e88]: From 100+ technical indicators to in-depth education and beyond, access all the tools and resources you need on a smart and intuitive interface.
        - generic [ref=e89]:
          - generic [ref=e95]:
            - strong [ref=e96]: Clear, easily-navigable interface
            - paragraph [ref=e98]: Access all the tools you need, when you need them. Discover charts, tools, watchlists, live chat and more – all with fuss-free functionality.
          - generic [ref=e104]:
            - strong [ref=e105]: Multiple chart types
            - paragraph [ref=e107]: Customise charts to suit your style and plan trades with candlestick, bar, area, Heikin-Ashi or line formats. Switch between charting tabs with ease for optimal market visibility.
          - generic [ref=e113]:
            - strong [ref=e114]: Innovative analysis tools
            - paragraph [ref=e116]: From Bollinger Bands® to MACD, sharpen your analysis with 100+ intuitive technical analysis indicators, as well as extensive drawing tools.
          - generic [ref=e122]:
            - strong [ref=e123]: Demo trading mode
            - paragraph [ref=e125]: Hone your strategies with virtual money and explore our straightforward platform risk free, while you get to know the tools and features shared by the live account.
          - generic [ref=e131]:
            - strong [ref=e132]: In-depth financial news
            - paragraph [ref=e134]: Get the latest technical and fundamental updates on all your favourite assets, and inform your CFD trading decisions without leaving the platform.
          - generic [ref=e140]:
            - strong [ref=e141]: Risk-management tools
            - paragraph [ref=e143]:
              - text: Use stop-losses
              - superscript [ref=e144]: "1"
              - text: to limit your downside when the market goes against you, and secure your gains with take-profit orders. Also, try our new trailing stops for a stop level that follows favourable price movements, locking in profits while limiting losses.
          - generic [ref=e150]:
            - strong [ref=e151]: Unlimited watchlists
            - paragraph [ref=e153]: Group your favourite markets together into lists, so you can monitor their performance at a glance as soon as you log into the platform.
      - generic [ref=e154]:
        - generic [ref=e156]:
          - heading "Read our reviews to find out more about us" [level=2] [ref=e157]
          - generic [ref=e158]: Read the feedback from our clients, whatever their experience level.
        - generic [ref=e159]:
          - region [ref=e160]:
            - generic [ref=e162]:
              - group [ref=e163]:
                - link [ref=e164] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                  - generic [ref=e167]: 2025-07-01
                  - strong [ref=e168]: Victor Flemming Nandwa Søder
                  - paragraph [ref=e170]: Great customer service I got to say that. They helped get my account back very fast, after i logged myself out by losing my old email, it was so fast you wouldn’t believe it thank you once again.
              - group [ref=e172]:
                - link [ref=e173] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                  - generic [ref=e176]: 2025-07-01
                  - strong [ref=e177]: Perry Reineke
                  - paragraph [ref=e179]: I'm learning the basics of stock investing. This platform is clear and pretty good. I've been using it for over 6 months.
              - group [ref=e181]:
                - link [ref=e182] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                  - generic [ref=e185]: 2025-06-29
                  - strong [ref=e186]: proinpro
                  - paragraph [ref=e188]: Capital is really great to be used on start, also beginner friendly broker! Great costumer support and it is quick!
              - group [ref=e190]:
                - link [ref=e191] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                  - generic [ref=e194]: 2025-06-27
                  - strong [ref=e195]: Gio Gvazava
                  - paragraph [ref=e197]: Capital.com has been great for both learning and trading. The app is clean, fast, and packed with useful tools. Customer support has been solid too. Definitely recommended for beginners and active traders alike.
              - group [ref=e199]:
                - link [ref=e200] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                  - generic [ref=e203]: 2025-06-22
                  - strong [ref=e204]: Douglas
                  - paragraph [ref=e206]: Deposits and withdrawals work without issues. Very low spreads. No noticeable fees. Easy to follow.
              - group [ref=e208]:
                - link [ref=e209] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                  - generic [ref=e212]: 2025-06-22
                  - strong [ref=e213]: Jean A.
                  - paragraph [ref=e215]: The app is built to make options and figures easy to understand, great for beginners and intermediate traders. Demo accounts are simple to set up. 100:1 leverage is available.
              - group [ref=e217]:
                - link [ref=e218] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
                  - generic [ref=e221]: 2025-06-19
                  - strong [ref=e222]: foobarbeer
                  - paragraph [ref=e224]: I am extremely happy with this broker. Great spreads, good selection of instruments, well coded toolbox.
              - group [ref=e226]:
                - link [ref=e227] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
                  - generic [ref=e230]: 2025-06-19
                  - strong [ref=e231]: Casaubon70
                  - paragraph [ref=e233]: Love the TV integration. Makes traders life smooth and comfortable.
              - group [ref=e235]:
                - link [ref=e236] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
                  - generic [ref=e239]: 2025-06-19
                  - strong [ref=e240]: dgogidze7
                  - paragraph [ref=e242]: I would like to express a huge thank you to Evgeniya Logvinovich, customer service manager. For your attention and heartfelt attitude to your clients.❤️
              - group [ref=e244]:
                - link [ref=e245] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                  - generic [ref=e248]: 2025-05-30
                  - strong [ref=e249]: Brigman
                  - paragraph [ref=e251]: Everything worked as expected from the 1 day. I didn’t have to search how to use the platform, it’s intuitive. The support chat was there when I had a tiny issue.
              - group [ref=e253]:
                - link [ref=e254] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
                  - generic [ref=e257]: 2025-05-24
                  - strong [ref=e258]: Radioilluminati
                  - paragraph [ref=e260]: I trade every day and Capital is my beloved home. I also create music and you can always feel when something has been created from the heart. Capital has soul!
              - group [ref=e262]:
                - link [ref=e263] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://app.appsflyer.com/com.capital.trading
                  - generic [ref=e266]: 2025-04-29
                  - strong [ref=e267]: dmjnoor
                  - paragraph [ref=e269]: This application is perfect.. simple, easy to use, run smoothly and fast and it has an accurate graphics.. be careful to use only one credit card and one bank account to prevent any withdrawal problem.. overnight fees and spread variation will be repaid for you by the next month.. I used many application but this is the best one
              - group [ref=e271]:
                - link [ref=e272] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
                  - generic [ref=e275]: 2025-05-20
                  - strong [ref=e276]: GemzT
                  - paragraph [ref=e278]: I’d been paper trading for 2yrs now, went live and this platform is easy for beginners to understand and navigate all important tools to execute all that I learned. Earning now!
              - group [ref=e280]:
                - link [ref=e281] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://app.appsflyer.com/com.capital.trading
                  - generic [ref=e284]: 2025-03-24
                  - strong [ref=e285]: Debbie P
                  - paragraph [ref=e287]: The best trading company I've found so far and so easy to use.
              - group [ref=e289]:
                - link [ref=e290] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://app.appsflyer.com/com.capital.trading
                  - generic [ref=e293]: 2025-02-06
                  - strong [ref=e294]: Nouman Butt
                  - paragraph [ref=e296]: User friendly app & interface and good support team. Funds transfer ease & Leverage is an advantage but crypto is highly risky be responsible of your loss limits and risks appetite.
              - group "1 of 15" [ref=e298]:
                - link "2025-07-01 Victor Flemming Nandwa Søder Great customer service I got to say that. They helped get my account back very fast, after i logged myself out by losing my old email, it was so fast you wouldn’t believe it thank you once again." [ref=e299] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                  - generic [ref=e302]: 2025-07-01
                  - strong [ref=e303]: Victor Flemming Nandwa Søder
                  - paragraph [ref=e305]: Great customer service I got to say that. They helped get my account back very fast, after i logged myself out by losing my old email, it was so fast you wouldn’t believe it thank you once again.
              - group "2 of 15" [ref=e307]:
                - link "2025-07-01 Perry Reineke I'm learning the basics of stock investing. This platform is clear and pretty good. I've been using it for over 6 months." [ref=e308] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                  - generic [ref=e311]: 2025-07-01
                  - strong [ref=e312]: Perry Reineke
                  - paragraph [ref=e314]: I'm learning the basics of stock investing. This platform is clear and pretty good. I've been using it for over 6 months.
              - group "3 of 15" [ref=e316]:
                - link "2025-06-29 proinpro Capital is really great to be used on start, also beginner friendly broker! Great costumer support and it is quick!" [ref=e317] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                  - generic [ref=e320]: 2025-06-29
                  - strong [ref=e321]: proinpro
                  - paragraph [ref=e323]: Capital is really great to be used on start, also beginner friendly broker! Great costumer support and it is quick!
              - group [ref=e325]:
                - link [ref=e326] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                  - generic [ref=e329]: 2025-06-27
                  - strong [ref=e330]: Gio Gvazava
                  - paragraph [ref=e332]: Capital.com has been great for both learning and trading. The app is clean, fast, and packed with useful tools. Customer support has been solid too. Definitely recommended for beginners and active traders alike.
              - group [ref=e334]:
                - link [ref=e335] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                  - generic [ref=e338]: 2025-06-22
                  - strong [ref=e339]: Douglas
                  - paragraph [ref=e341]: Deposits and withdrawals work without issues. Very low spreads. No noticeable fees. Easy to follow.
              - group [ref=e343]:
                - link [ref=e344] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                  - generic [ref=e347]: 2025-06-22
                  - strong [ref=e348]: Jean A.
                  - paragraph [ref=e350]: The app is built to make options and figures easy to understand, great for beginners and intermediate traders. Demo accounts are simple to set up. 100:1 leverage is available.
              - group [ref=e352]:
                - link [ref=e353] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
                  - generic [ref=e356]: 2025-06-19
                  - strong [ref=e357]: foobarbeer
                  - paragraph [ref=e359]: I am extremely happy with this broker. Great spreads, good selection of instruments, well coded toolbox.
              - group [ref=e361]:
                - link [ref=e362] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
                  - generic [ref=e365]: 2025-06-19
                  - strong [ref=e366]: Casaubon70
                  - paragraph [ref=e368]: Love the TV integration. Makes traders life smooth and comfortable.
              - group [ref=e370]:
                - link [ref=e371] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
                  - generic [ref=e374]: 2025-06-19
                  - strong [ref=e375]: dgogidze7
                  - paragraph [ref=e377]: I would like to express a huge thank you to Evgeniya Logvinovich, customer service manager. For your attention and heartfelt attitude to your clients.❤️
              - group [ref=e379]:
                - link [ref=e380] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                  - generic [ref=e383]: 2025-05-30
                  - strong [ref=e384]: Brigman
                  - paragraph [ref=e386]: Everything worked as expected from the 1 day. I didn’t have to search how to use the platform, it’s intuitive. The support chat was there when I had a tiny issue.
              - group [ref=e388]:
                - link [ref=e389] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
                  - generic [ref=e392]: 2025-05-24
                  - strong [ref=e393]: Radioilluminati
                  - paragraph [ref=e395]: I trade every day and Capital is my beloved home. I also create music and you can always feel when something has been created from the heart. Capital has soul!
              - group [ref=e397]:
                - link [ref=e398] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://app.appsflyer.com/com.capital.trading?cp_device_id=49ae7c3a-1418-447b-a0bf-25320df37720
                  - generic [ref=e401]: 2025-04-29
                  - strong [ref=e402]: dmjnoor
                  - paragraph [ref=e404]: This application is perfect.. simple, easy to use, run smoothly and fast and it has an accurate graphics.. be careful to use only one credit card and one bank account to prevent any withdrawal problem.. overnight fees and spread variation will be repaid for you by the next month.. I used many application but this is the best one
              - group [ref=e406]:
                - link [ref=e407] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
                  - generic [ref=e410]: 2025-05-20
                  - strong [ref=e411]: GemzT
                  - paragraph [ref=e413]: I’d been paper trading for 2yrs now, went live and this platform is easy for beginners to understand and navigate all important tools to execute all that I learned. Earning now!
              - group [ref=e415]:
                - link [ref=e416] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://app.appsflyer.com/com.capital.trading?cp_device_id=49ae7c3a-1418-447b-a0bf-25320df37720
                  - generic [ref=e419]: 2025-03-24
                  - strong [ref=e420]: Debbie P
                  - paragraph [ref=e422]: The best trading company I've found so far and so easy to use.
              - group [ref=e424]:
                - link [ref=e425] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://app.appsflyer.com/com.capital.trading?cp_device_id=49ae7c3a-1418-447b-a0bf-25320df37720
                  - generic [ref=e428]: 2025-02-06
                  - strong [ref=e429]: Nouman Butt
                  - paragraph [ref=e431]: User friendly app & interface and good support team. Funds transfer ease & Leverage is an advantage but crypto is highly risky be responsible of your loss limits and risks appetite.
              - group [ref=e433]:
                - link [ref=e434] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                  - generic [ref=e437]: 2025-07-01
                  - strong [ref=e438]: Victor Flemming Nandwa Søder
                  - paragraph [ref=e440]: Great customer service I got to say that. They helped get my account back very fast, after i logged myself out by losing my old email, it was so fast you wouldn’t believe it thank you once again.
              - group [ref=e442]:
                - link [ref=e443] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                  - generic [ref=e446]: 2025-07-01
                  - strong [ref=e447]: Perry Reineke
                  - paragraph [ref=e449]: I'm learning the basics of stock investing. This platform is clear and pretty good. I've been using it for over 6 months.
              - group [ref=e451]:
                - link [ref=e452] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                  - generic [ref=e455]: 2025-06-29
                  - strong [ref=e456]: proinpro
                  - paragraph [ref=e458]: Capital is really great to be used on start, also beginner friendly broker! Great costumer support and it is quick!
              - group [ref=e460]:
                - link [ref=e461] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                  - generic [ref=e464]: 2025-06-27
                  - strong [ref=e465]: Gio Gvazava
                  - paragraph [ref=e467]: Capital.com has been great for both learning and trading. The app is clean, fast, and packed with useful tools. Customer support has been solid too. Definitely recommended for beginners and active traders alike.
              - group [ref=e469]:
                - link [ref=e470] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                  - generic [ref=e473]: 2025-06-22
                  - strong [ref=e474]: Douglas
                  - paragraph [ref=e476]: Deposits and withdrawals work without issues. Very low spreads. No noticeable fees. Easy to follow.
              - group [ref=e478]:
                - link [ref=e479] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                  - generic [ref=e482]: 2025-06-22
                  - strong [ref=e483]: Jean A.
                  - paragraph [ref=e485]: The app is built to make options and figures easy to understand, great for beginners and intermediate traders. Demo accounts are simple to set up. 100:1 leverage is available.
              - group [ref=e487]:
                - link [ref=e488] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
                  - generic [ref=e491]: 2025-06-19
                  - strong [ref=e492]: foobarbeer
                  - paragraph [ref=e494]: I am extremely happy with this broker. Great spreads, good selection of instruments, well coded toolbox.
              - group [ref=e496]:
                - link [ref=e497] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
                  - generic [ref=e500]: 2025-06-19
                  - strong [ref=e501]: Casaubon70
                  - paragraph [ref=e503]: Love the TV integration. Makes traders life smooth and comfortable.
              - group [ref=e505]:
                - link [ref=e506] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
                  - generic [ref=e509]: 2025-06-19
                  - strong [ref=e510]: dgogidze7
                  - paragraph [ref=e512]: I would like to express a huge thank you to Evgeniya Logvinovich, customer service manager. For your attention and heartfelt attitude to your clients.❤️
              - group [ref=e514]:
                - link [ref=e515] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                  - generic [ref=e518]: 2025-05-30
                  - strong [ref=e519]: Brigman
                  - paragraph [ref=e521]: Everything worked as expected from the 1 day. I didn’t have to search how to use the platform, it’s intuitive. The support chat was there when I had a tiny issue.
              - group [ref=e523]:
                - link [ref=e524] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
                  - generic [ref=e527]: 2025-05-24
                  - strong [ref=e528]: Radioilluminati
                  - paragraph [ref=e530]: I trade every day and Capital is my beloved home. I also create music and you can always feel when something has been created from the heart. Capital has soul!
              - group [ref=e532]:
                - link [ref=e533] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://app.appsflyer.com/com.capital.trading
                  - generic [ref=e536]: 2025-04-29
                  - strong [ref=e537]: dmjnoor
                  - paragraph [ref=e539]: This application is perfect.. simple, easy to use, run smoothly and fast and it has an accurate graphics.. be careful to use only one credit card and one bank account to prevent any withdrawal problem.. overnight fees and spread variation will be repaid for you by the next month.. I used many application but this is the best one
              - group [ref=e541]:
                - link [ref=e542] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
                  - generic [ref=e545]: 2025-05-20
                  - strong [ref=e546]: GemzT
                  - paragraph [ref=e548]: I’d been paper trading for 2yrs now, went live and this platform is easy for beginners to understand and navigate all important tools to execute all that I learned. Earning now!
              - group [ref=e550]:
                - link [ref=e551] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://app.appsflyer.com/com.capital.trading
                  - generic [ref=e554]: 2025-03-24
                  - strong [ref=e555]: Debbie P
                  - paragraph [ref=e557]: The best trading company I've found so far and so easy to use.
              - group [ref=e559]:
                - link [ref=e560] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://app.appsflyer.com/com.capital.trading
                  - generic [ref=e563]: 2025-02-06
                  - strong [ref=e564]: Nouman Butt
                  - paragraph [ref=e566]: User friendly app & interface and good support team. Funds transfer ease & Leverage is an advantage but crypto is highly risky be responsible of your loss limits and risks appetite.
            - generic:
              - button "Go to last slide" [ref=e568] [cursor=pointer]
              - button "Next slide" [ref=e569] [cursor=pointer]
          - paragraph [ref=e570]: Showing our 4 & 5 star reviews.
        - generic [ref=e572]:
          - link "4.8" [ref=e573] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
            - strong [ref=e576]: "4.8"
          - link "Ratings and Reviews 4.7" [ref=e579] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: https://app.appsflyer.com/id1230088754?cp_device_id=49ae7c3a-1418-447b-a0bf-25320df37720
            - strong [ref=e581]: Ratings and Reviews
            - strong [ref=e583]: "4.7"
          - link "Ratings and Reviews 4.7" [ref=e586] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: https://app.appsflyer.com/com.capital.trading?cp_device_id=49ae7c3a-1418-447b-a0bf-25320df37720
            - strong [ref=e588]: Ratings and Reviews
            - strong [ref=e590]: "4.7"
          - link "4.6" [ref=e593] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
            - strong [ref=e596]: "4.6"
      - generic [ref=e599]:
        - heading "Why trade CFDs with Capital.com?" [level=2] [ref=e601]
        - generic [ref=e602]:
          - generic [ref=e604]:
            - heading "Fair and transparent pricing" [level=3] [ref=e605]
            - paragraph [ref=e607]:
              - text: Get full clarity on the spreads and fees we charge via our
              - link "charges and fees" [ref=e608] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://capital.com/en-au/ways-to-trade/fees-and-charges
              - text: page.
          - generic [ref=e610]:
            - heading "TradingView and MT4" [level=3] [ref=e611]
            - paragraph [ref=e613]: Seamlessly integrate our smart platform with elite third-party software.
          - generic [ref=e615]:
            - heading "Fast withdrawals" [level=3] [ref=e616]
            - paragraph [ref=e618]:
              - text: 99% of withdrawals are processed within one business day.
              - superscript [ref=e619]: "2"
          - generic [ref=e621]:
            - heading "Round-the-clock support" [level=3] [ref=e622]
            - paragraph [ref=e624]: Get help when you need it, with our knowledgeable team available to assist you 24/7.
      - generic [ref=e627]:
        - generic [ref=e628]:
          - generic [ref=e629]:
            - generic [ref=e630]:
              - heading "Prefer to trade on mobile? Get the app." [level=2] [ref=e631]
              - paragraph [ref=e633]: Trade 5,500+ CFD markets wherever there’s an internet connection, and set price alerts to notify you of significant market moves.
            - generic [ref=e635]:
              - img "QR code" [ref=e636]
              - generic [ref=e637]: Scan to Download
          - img "Image" [ref=e640]
        - generic [ref=e641]:
          - generic [ref=e642]:
            - generic [ref=e643]:
              - heading "Integrate with TradingView" [level=2] [ref=e644]
              - paragraph [ref=e646]: Trade CFDs with Capital.com directly through TradingView’s world-renowned charts.
            - link "Learn more" [ref=e648] [cursor=pointer]:
              - /url: /en-au/trading-platforms/trading-view
          - img "Image" [ref=e651]
      - generic [ref=e653]:
        - heading "Find out more" [level=2] [ref=e655]
        - generic [ref=e656]:
          - generic [ref=e658]:
            - heading "Explore 5,500+ CFD markets" [level=3] [ref=e659]
            - paragraph [ref=e661]: And view real-time and historical data to inform trading decisions.
            - link "Browse markets" [ref=e662] [cursor=pointer]:
              - /url: https://capital.com/en-au/markets
              - generic [ref=e663]: Browse markets
          - generic [ref=e665]:
            - heading "Check out our fees" [level=3] [ref=e666]
            - paragraph [ref=e668]: To learn more about our transparent charges.
            - link "Go to fees and charges" [ref=e669] [cursor=pointer]:
              - /url: https://capital.com/en-au/ways-to-trade/fees-and-charges
              - generic [ref=e670]: Go to fees and charges
          - generic [ref=e672]:
            - heading "Looking for help?" [level=3] [ref=e673]
            - paragraph [ref=e675]: Head to our support centre for FAQs and guides, or use our live-chat service to speak to someone from our team.
            - link "Get support" [ref=e676] [cursor=pointer]:
              - /url: https://capital.zendesk.com/hc/en-us
              - generic [ref=e677]: Get support
      - paragraph [ref=e681]:
        - text: 1 – Stop-losses may not be guaranteed.
        - text: "2 – Source: Capital.com Group server data, 2024."
      - generic [ref=e683]:
        - generic [ref=e684]:
          - paragraph [ref=e685]: Why choose Capital.com? Our numbers speak for themselves
          - generic [ref=e686]: Capital.com Group
        - generic [ref=e687]:
          - generic [ref=e688]:
            - text: 840K+
            - text: Traders globally
          - generic [ref=e690]:
            - text: 125K+
            - text: Active clients monthly
          - generic [ref=e692]:
            - text: 24/7
            - text: Client support
          - generic [ref=e694]:
            - text: "100"
            - text: Technical indicators
      - generic [ref=e696]:
        - generic [ref=e697]:
          - generic [ref=e698]: Trusted partner
          - img "Trusted partner" [ref=e700]
        - generic [ref=e701]:
          - generic [ref=e702]: Featured partner
          - img "Featured partner" [ref=e704]
  - contentinfo [ref=e706]:
    - generic [ref=e707]:
      - link [ref=e708] [cursor=pointer]:
        - /url: /en-au
        - img [ref=e709]
      - generic [ref=e717]:
        - link [ref=e718] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: https://www.facebook.com/capitalcomau/
        - link [ref=e719] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: https://twitter.com/Capitalcomau
        - link [ref=e720] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: https://www.linkedin.com/company/capital.com
        - link [ref=e721] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: https://www.instagram.com/capitalcomau/
        - link [ref=e722] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: https://www.youtube.com/@capital.com.australia5770
      - generic [ref=e723]:
        - link [ref=e724] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: https://app.appsflyer.com/id1230088754?cp_device_id=49ae7c3a-1418-447b-a0bf-25320df37720
        - link [ref=e725] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: https://app.appsflyer.com/com.capital.trading?cp_device_id=49ae7c3a-1418-447b-a0bf-25320df37720
        - link [ref=e726] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: https://app.appsflyer.com/com.capital.trading.huawei-huawei?cp_device_id=49ae7c3a-1418-447b-a0bf-25320df37720
    - generic [ref=e727]:
      - generic [ref=e728]:
        - generic [ref=e729]:
          - generic [ref=e730]:
            - generic [ref=e731]: "Country / Region:"
            - button "Australia" [ref=e732] [cursor=pointer]: Australia
          - generic [ref=e734]: •
          - generic [ref=e735]:
            - generic [ref=e736]: "Language:"
            - button "English" [ref=e737] [cursor=pointer]
        - generic [ref=e738]:
          - generic [ref=e739]: "Also you can contact us:"
          - link "+61 3 8658 0539" [ref=e742] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: tel:+61 3 8658 0539
          - generic [ref=e743]: •
          - link "support.au@capital.com" [ref=e745] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: mailto:support.au@capital.com
      - generic [ref=e746]:
        - generic [ref=e747]:
          - link "Trading" [ref=e749] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: /en-au/ways-to-trade
            - strong [ref=e750]: Trading
          - generic [ref=e751]:
            - generic [ref=e752]:
              - generic [ref=e753]: Ways to trade
              - generic [ref=e754]:
                - link "CFD trading" [ref=e756] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-au/ways-to-trade/cfd-trading
                - link "Premium services" [ref=e758] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-au/ways-to-trade/premium-services
            - generic [ref=e759]:
              - generic [ref=e760]: Trading platforms
              - generic [ref=e761]:
                - link "All platforms" [ref=e763] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-au/trading-platforms
                - link "Web platform" [ref=e765] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-au/trading-platforms/web-platform
                - link "Mobile apps" [ref=e767] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-au/trading-platforms/mobile-apps
                - link "TradingView" [ref=e769] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-au/trading-platforms/trading-view
                - link "MT4" [ref=e771] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-au/trading-platforms/mt4
                - link "MT5" [ref=e773] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-au/trading-platforms/mt5
                - link "API documentation" [ref=e775] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-au/trading-platforms/api-development-guide
            - generic [ref=e776]:
              - generic [ref=e777]: Trading info
              - generic [ref=e778]:
                - link "Margin calls" [ref=e780] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-au/ways-to-trade/margin-calls
                - link "Fraud prevention" [ref=e782] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-au/ways-to-trade/fraud-awareness
                - link "How withdrawals work" [ref=e784] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-au/ways-to-trade/how-withdrawals-work
            - generic [ref=e785]:
              - generic [ref=e786]: Trading tools
              - generic [ref=e787]:
                - link "CFD calculator" [ref=e789] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-au/ways-to-trade/cfd-trading/cfd-calculator
                - link "Demo trading" [ref=e791] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-au/trading-platforms/demo-account
        - generic [ref=e792]:
          - link "Markets" [ref=e794] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: /en-au/markets
            - strong [ref=e795]: Markets
          - generic [ref=e796]:
            - generic [ref=e797]:
              - generic [ref=e798]: Our CFD markets
              - generic [ref=e799]:
                - link "Shares" [ref=e801] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-au/markets/shares
                - link "Forex" [ref=e803] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-au/markets/forex
                - link "Indices" [ref=e805] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-au/markets/indices
                - link "Commodities" [ref=e807] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-au/markets/commodities
                - link "Cryptocurrencies" [ref=e809] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-au/markets/cryptocurrencies
            - generic [ref=e810]:
              - generic [ref=e811]: Market updates
              - link "Market analysis" [ref=e814] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: /en-au/analysis
            - link "All markets & instruments" [ref=e816] [cursor=pointer]:
              - /url: /en-au/markets-and-instruments-sitemap
        - generic [ref=e817]:
          - link "Learn" [ref=e819] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: /en-au/learn
            - strong [ref=e820]: Learn
          - generic [ref=e821]:
            - generic [ref=e822]:
              - generic [ref=e823]: Trading basics
              - generic [ref=e824]:
                - link "Trading essentials" [ref=e826] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-au/learn/essentials
                - link "Risk management" [ref=e828] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-au/learn/risk-management
                - link "Market guides" [ref=e830] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-au/learn/market-guides
                - link "Demo trading" [ref=e832] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-au/trading-platforms/demo-account
                - link "Stock course" [ref=e834] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-au/learn/stock-course
                - link "Indices course" [ref=e836] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-au/learn/indices-course
                - link "Crypto course" [ref=e838] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-au/learn/crypto-course
                - link "Commodity course" [ref=e840] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-au/learn/commodity-course
                - link "Forex course" [ref=e842] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-au/learn/forex-course
                - link "Glossary" [ref=e844] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-au/learn/glossary
            - generic [ref=e845]:
              - generic [ref=e846]: For experienced traders
              - generic [ref=e847]:
                - link "Trading strategies" [ref=e849] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-au/learn/trading-strategies
                - link "Technical analysis" [ref=e851] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-au/learn/technical-analysis
                - link "Market analysis" [ref=e853] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-au/analysis
                - link "Trading psychology" [ref=e855] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-au/learn/trading-psychology
                - link "IPO trading" [ref=e857] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-au/learn/ipo
        - generic [ref=e858]:
          - link "Pricing" [ref=e860] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: /en-au/ways-to-trade/fees-and-charges
            - strong [ref=e861]: Pricing
          - generic [ref=e863]:
            - generic [ref=e864]: Pricing
            - generic [ref=e865]:
              - link "Charges and fees" [ref=e867] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: /en-au/ways-to-trade/fees-and-charges
              - link "Our business model" [ref=e869] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: /en-au/about-us/how-capital-makes-money
              - link "Capital.com's pricing" [ref=e871] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: /en-au/ways-to-trade/pricing
              - link "Markets pricing" [ref=e873] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: /en-au/about-us/how-our-markets-are-priced
        - generic [ref=e874]:
          - link "About" [ref=e876] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: /en-au/about-us
            - strong [ref=e877]: About
          - generic [ref=e878]:
            - generic [ref=e879]:
              - generic [ref=e880]: About us
              - generic [ref=e881]:
                - link "Leadership team" [ref=e883] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-au/about-us/our-leadership
                - link "Why Capital.com?" [ref=e885] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-au/why-capital
                - link "Is Capital.com safe?" [ref=e887] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-au/security-measures
                - link "Our history" [ref=e889] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-au/about-us/our-history
                - link "Our offices" [ref=e891] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-au/about-us/our-offices
                - link "Client funds" [ref=e893] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-au/about-us/what-capital-does-with-your-money
                - link "Contact us" [ref=e895] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-au/contact-us
                - link "Investor relations" [ref=e897] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-au/about-us/investor-relations
                - link "Press releases" [ref=e899] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-au/media-centre
                - link "Viktor Prokopenya" [ref=e901] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-au/about-us/viktor-prokopenya
            - generic [ref=e902]:
              - generic [ref=e903]: Get help
              - generic [ref=e904]:
                - link "Help" [ref=e906] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-au/help
                - link "Client vulnerability" [ref=e908] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-au/help/client-vulnerability
                - link "Complaints" [ref=e910] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-au/help/complaints
                - link "Terms and policies" [ref=e912] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-au/terms-and-policies
            - generic [ref=e913]:
              - generic [ref=e914]: Work for us
              - link "Careers" [ref=e917] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: /en-au/about-us/careers
    - generic [ref=e919]:
      - paragraph [ref=e920]:
        - text: CFDs are complex leveraged instruments and come with a high risk of losing money. These products are not suitable for everyone and you should therefore consider your objectives, financial situation, needs and experience with these products before investing in them. Our
        - link "Product Disclosure Statement" [ref=e921] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: https://capital.com/product-disclosure-statement-asic
        - text: (PDS) and
        - link "Target Market Determination" [ref=e922] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: https://capital.com/target-market-determination-asic
        - text: provides important information about our products and who our products are more likely to be suited to. Capital.com does not provide financial or investment advice and you should seek independent advice if you are unsure of the risks or whether our products are suitable for you.
      - paragraph [ref=e923]
      - paragraph [ref=e924]: Capital Com Australia Pty Ltd (ABN 47 625 601 489) is a company registered in Australia and regulated by the Australian Securities and Investments Commission (ASIC) under AFSL 513393.
    - generic [ref=e925]:
      - paragraph [ref=e926]: © 2026 Capital Com Australia Pty Ltd
      - generic [ref=e927]:
        - link "Sitemap" [ref=e928] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: /en-au/sitemap
        - link "Cookie Settings" [ref=e929] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: ""
        - link "Clients Funds" [ref=e930] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: /en-au/about-us/what-capital-does-with-your-money
        - link "Terms and Policies" [ref=e931] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: /en-au/terms-and-policies
        - link "Complaints Procedure CCAU" [ref=e932] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: /en-au/help/complaints
  - generic:
    - generic: Cookie settings
  - button [ref=e933] [cursor=pointer]
  - alert [ref=e935]: Award Winning Web Trading Platform | Capital.com Australia
```