# Page snapshot

```yaml
- generic [active] [ref=e1]:
  - banner [ref=e2]:
    - button "Spread bets and CFDs are complex instruments and come with a high risk of losing money rapidly due to leverage. 62% of retail investor accounts lose money when trading spread bets and CFDs with this provider. You should consider whether you understand how spread bets and CFDs work and whether you can afford to take the high risk of losing your money." [ref=e3]:
      - generic [ref=e6]:
        - text: Spread bets and CFDs are complex instruments and come with a high risk of losing money rapidly due to leverage.
        - strong [ref=e7]: 62% of retail investor accounts lose money when trading spread bets and CFDs with this provider
        - text: . You should consider whether you understand how spread bets and CFDs work and whether you can afford to take the high risk of losing your money.
    - generic [ref=e11]:
      - generic [ref=e12]:
        - link "PERSONAL" [ref=e13] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: /en-gb
        - link "PROFESSIONAL" [ref=e14] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: /en-gb/professional
        - link "PARTNERS" [ref=e15] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: /en-gb/partnerships
      - generic [ref=e16]:
        - link "SUPPORT" [ref=e17] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: /en-gb/help
        - button "en" [ref=e19] [cursor=pointer]:
          - strong [ref=e21]: en
    - generic [ref=e22]:
      - link [ref=e23] [cursor=pointer]:
        - /url: /en-gb
        - img [ref=e24]
      - generic [ref=e33]:
        - button [ref=e35] [cursor=pointer]:
          - generic:
            - textbox "global-search":
              - /placeholder: Search
        - generic [ref=e36]:
          - generic [ref=e37]:
            - link "Trading" [ref=e40] [cursor=pointer]:
              - /url: /en-gb/ways-to-trade
            - generic:
              - generic:
                - generic:
                  - link "Trading":
                    - /url: /en-gb/ways-to-trade
                    - generic:
                      - generic: Trading
                - generic:
                  - generic:
                    - generic:
                      - strong: Ways to trade
                  - generic:
                    - generic:
                      - strong: Trading platforms
                  - generic:
                    - generic:
                      - strong: Trading info
                  - generic:
                    - generic:
                      - strong: Trading tools
          - generic [ref=e41]:
            - link "Markets" [ref=e44] [cursor=pointer]:
              - /url: /en-gb/markets
            - generic:
              - generic:
                - generic:
                  - link "Markets":
                    - /url: /en-gb/markets
                    - generic:
                      - generic: Markets
                - generic:
                  - generic:
                    - generic:
                      - strong: Our markets
                  - generic:
                    - generic:
                      - strong: Market updates
          - generic [ref=e45]:
            - link "Pricing" [ref=e48] [cursor=pointer]:
              - /url: /en-gb/ways-to-trade/fees-and-charges
            - generic:
              - generic:
                - generic:
                  - link "Pricing":
                    - /url: /en-gb/ways-to-trade/fees-and-charges
                    - generic:
                      - generic: Pricing
                - generic:
                  - generic:
                    - generic:
                      - strong: Pricing
          - generic [ref=e49]:
            - link "Learn" [ref=e52] [cursor=pointer]:
              - /url: /en-gb/learn
            - generic:
              - generic:
                - generic:
                  - link "Learn":
                    - /url: /en-gb/learn
                    - generic:
                      - generic: Learn
                - generic:
                  - generic:
                    - generic:
                      - strong: For trading beginners
                  - generic:
                    - generic:
                      - strong: For experienced traders
          - generic [ref=e53]:
            - link "About" [ref=e56] [cursor=pointer]:
              - /url: /en-gb/about-us
            - generic:
              - generic:
                - generic:
                  - link "About":
                    - /url: /en-gb/about-us
                    - generic:
                      - generic: About
                - generic:
                  - generic:
                    - generic:
                      - strong: About us
                  - generic:
                    - generic:
                      - strong: Get help
                  - generic:
                    - generic:
                      - strong: Work for us
      - generic [ref=e57]:
        - generic [ref=e58]:
          - button "Log In" [ref=e59] [cursor=pointer]: Log In
          - button "Sign Up" [ref=e60] [cursor=pointer]: Sign Up
        - link "Open platform user":
          - /url: /trading/platform/
          - text: Open platform
          - img "user"
  - generic [ref=e61]:
    - paragraph [ref=e64]:
      - link "Home•" [ref=e65] [cursor=pointer]:
        - /url: /en-gb
      - link "All platforms •" [ref=e66] [cursor=pointer]:
        - /url: /en-gb/trading-platforms
      - text: Web platform
    - generic [ref=e67]:
      - generic [ref=e73]:
        - generic [ref=e74]:
          - heading "The Capital.com web trading platform" [level=1] [ref=e75]
          - paragraph [ref=e77]:
            - text: Trade on an
            - link "award-winning" [ref=e78] [cursor=pointer]:
              - /url: https://capital.com/en-gb/about-us
            - text: ", user-friendly platform with advanced tools, integrated financial news, personalised watchlists and much more."
        - button "Create account" [ref=e81] [cursor=pointer]
      - generic [ref=e84]:
        - generic [ref=e85]:
          - heading "Benefits of the Capital.com web trading platform" [level=2] [ref=e86]
          - paragraph [ref=e88]: From 100+ technical indicators to in-depth education and beyond, access all the tools and resources you need on a smart and intuitive interface.
        - generic [ref=e89]:
          - generic [ref=e95]:
            - strong [ref=e96]: Clear, easily-navigable interface
            - paragraph [ref=e98]: Access all the tools you need, when you need them. Discover charts, tools, watchlists, live chat and more - all with fuss-free functionality.
          - generic [ref=e104]:
            - strong [ref=e105]: Multiple chart types
            - paragraph [ref=e107]: Customise charts to suit your style and plan trades with candlestick, bar, area, Heikin-Ashi or line formats. Switch between charting tabs with ease for optimal market visibility.
          - generic [ref=e113]:
            - strong [ref=e114]: Innovative analysis tools
            - paragraph [ref=e116]: From Bollinger Bands® to MACD, sharpen your analysis with 100+ intuitive technical analysis indicators, as well as extensive drawing tools.
          - generic [ref=e122]:
            - strong [ref=e123]: Demo trading mode
            - paragraph [ref=e125]: Hone your strategies with virtual money and explore our straightforward platform risk free, while you get to know the tools and features shared by the live account.
          - generic [ref=e131]:
            - strong [ref=e132]: In-depth financial news
            - paragraph [ref=e134]: Get the latest technical and fundamental updates on all your favourite assets, and inform your trading decisions without leaving the platform.
          - generic [ref=e140]:
            - strong [ref=e141]: Risk-management tools
            - paragraph [ref=e143]:
              - text: Use stop-losses
              - superscript [ref=e144]: "1"
              - text: to limit your downside when the market goes against you, and secure your gains with take-profit orders. Also, try our new trailing stops for a stop level that follows favourable price movements, locking in profits while limiting losses.
          - generic [ref=e150]:
            - strong [ref=e151]: Unlimited watchlists
            - paragraph [ref=e153]: Group your favourite markets together into lists, so you can monitor their performance at a glance as soon as you log into the platform.
          - generic [ref=e159]:
            - strong [ref=e160]: Hedging mode
            - paragraph [ref=e162]: Offset temporary adverse market moves on a trade by opening an opposite position on the same market. Note that when using hedging mode, you’ll need to pay the bid/offer spread and overnight funding on both positions.
      - generic [ref=e163]:
        - generic [ref=e165]:
          - heading "Read our reviews to find out more about us" [level=2] [ref=e166]
          - generic [ref=e167]: Read the feedback from our clients around the world.
        - generic [ref=e168]:
          - region [ref=e169]:
            - generic [ref=e171]:
              - group [ref=e172]:
                - link [ref=e173] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                  - generic [ref=e176]: 2025-07-01
                  - strong [ref=e177]: Victor Flemming Nandwa Søder
                  - paragraph [ref=e179]: Great customer service I got to say that. They helped get my account back very fast, after i logged myself out by losing my old email, it was so fast you wouldn’t believe it thank you once again.
              - group [ref=e181]:
                - link [ref=e182] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                  - generic [ref=e185]: 2025-07-01
                  - strong [ref=e186]: Perry Reineke
                  - paragraph [ref=e188]: I'm learning the basics of stock investing. This platform is clear and pretty good. I've been using it for over 6 months.
              - group [ref=e190]:
                - link [ref=e191] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                  - generic [ref=e194]: 2025-06-30
                  - strong [ref=e195]: Brigman
                  - paragraph [ref=e197]: Everything worked as expected from the 1 day. I didn’t have to search how to use the platform, it’s intuitive. The support chat was there when I had a tiny issue.
              - group [ref=e199]:
                - link [ref=e200] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                  - generic [ref=e203]: 2025-06-29
                  - strong [ref=e204]: proinpro
                  - paragraph [ref=e206]: Capital is really great to be used on start, also beginner friendly broker! Great costumer support and it is quick!
              - group [ref=e208]:
                - link [ref=e209] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                  - generic [ref=e212]: 2025-06-27
                  - strong [ref=e213]: Gio Gvazava
                  - paragraph [ref=e215]: Capital.com has been great for both learning and trading. The app is clean, fast, and packed with useful tools. Customer support has been solid too. Definitely recommended for beginners and active traders alike.
              - group [ref=e217]:
                - link [ref=e218] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                  - generic [ref=e221]: 2025-06-22
                  - strong [ref=e222]: Jean A.
                  - paragraph [ref=e224]: The app is built to make options and figures easy to understand, great for beginners and intermediate traders. Demo accounts are simple to set up. 100:1 leverage is available.
              - group [ref=e226]:
                - link [ref=e227] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                  - generic [ref=e230]: 2025-06-22
                  - strong [ref=e231]: Douglas
                  - paragraph [ref=e233]: Deposits and withdrawals work without issues. Very low spreads. No noticeable fees. Easy to follow.
              - group [ref=e235]:
                - link [ref=e236] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
                  - generic [ref=e239]: 2025-06-19
                  - strong [ref=e240]: dgogidze7
                  - paragraph [ref=e242]: I would like to express a huge thank you to Evgeniya Logvinovich, customer service manager. For your attention and heartfelt attitude to your clients.❤️
              - group [ref=e244]:
                - link [ref=e245] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
                  - generic [ref=e248]: 2025-06-19
                  - strong [ref=e249]: foobarbeer
                  - paragraph [ref=e251]: I am extremely happy with this broker. Great spreads, good selection of instruments, well coded toolbox.
              - group [ref=e253]:
                - link [ref=e254] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                  - generic [ref=e257]: 2025-04-16
                  - strong [ref=e258]: LUCAS ONWUCHEKWA
                  - paragraph [ref=e260]: This site is always active and accessible 24hrs, every day
              - group [ref=e262]:
                - link [ref=e263] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
                  - generic [ref=e266]: 2025-05-29
                  - strong [ref=e267]: Casaubon70
                  - paragraph [ref=e269]: Love the TV integration. Makes traders life smooth and comfortable.
              - group [ref=e271]:
                - link [ref=e272] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
                  - generic [ref=e275]: 2025-05-24
                  - strong [ref=e276]: Radioilluminati
                  - paragraph [ref=e278]: I trade every day and Capital is my beloved home. I also create music and you can always feel when something has been created from the heart. Capital has soul!
              - group [ref=e280]:
                - link [ref=e281] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
                  - generic [ref=e284]: 2025-05-20
                  - strong [ref=e285]: GemzT
                  - paragraph [ref=e287]: I’d been paper trading for 2yrs now, went live and this platform is easy for beginners to understand and navigate all important tools to execute all that I learned. Earning now!
              - group [ref=e289]:
                - link [ref=e290] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                  - generic [ref=e293]: 2025-06-17
                  - strong [ref=e294]: BINSAYYAR
                  - paragraph [ref=e296]: Secure and responsive
              - group [ref=e298]:
                - link [ref=e299] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://app.appsflyer.com/com.capital.trading
                  - generic [ref=e302]: 2025-05-06
                  - strong [ref=e303]: Mahran Rahim Bakhsh Rasool Bakhsh Al Balushi
                  - paragraph [ref=e305]: It's a great app, and it's safe to practice with the demo. Then, when you're ready for the real thing, I'd suggest installing it.
              - group [ref=e307]:
                - link [ref=e308] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://app.appsflyer.com/com.capital.trading
                  - generic [ref=e311]: 2025-04-29
                  - strong [ref=e312]: dmjnoor
                  - paragraph [ref=e314]: This application is perfect.. simple, easy to use, run smoothly and fast and it has an accurate graphics.. be careful to use only one credit card and one bank account to prevent any withdrawal problem.. overnight fees and spread variation will be repaid for you by the next month.. I used many application but this is the best one
              - group [ref=e316]:
                - link [ref=e317] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://app.appsflyer.com/com.capital.trading
                  - generic [ref=e320]: 2025-03-24
                  - strong [ref=e321]: Debbie P
                  - paragraph [ref=e323]: The best trading company I've found so far and so easy to use.
              - group [ref=e325]:
                - link [ref=e326] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                  - generic [ref=e329]: 2025-11-07
                  - strong [ref=e330]: Neill
                  - paragraph [ref=e332]: Your platform always works and is extremely reliable and now that you have added Alarms to the to the Desktop version, I am very happy
              - group [ref=e334]:
                - link [ref=e335] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                  - generic [ref=e338]: 2025-02-06
                  - strong [ref=e339]: Nouman Butt
                  - paragraph [ref=e341]: User friendly app & interface and good support team. Funds transfer ease & Leverage is an advantage but crypto is highly risky be responsible of your loss limits and risks appetite.
              - group [ref=e343]:
                - link [ref=e344] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                  - generic [ref=e347]: 2025-01-30
                  - strong [ref=e348]: Claus-Bernhard Schuetze
                  - paragraph [ref=e350]: Awesome trading platform On both desktop and mobile and u can start with low budget as the contracts can be adjusted and when u have confidence u can start full trading - being integrated in tradingview is absolutely awesome as well
              - group [ref=e352]:
                - link [ref=e353] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                  - generic [ref=e356]: 2025-04-18
                  - strong [ref=e357]: ROBERT AMBANI
                  - paragraph [ref=e359]: Great platform. Fast deposit and withdrawals
              - group [ref=e361]:
                - link [ref=e362] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                  - generic [ref=e365]: 2025-08-29
                  - strong [ref=e366]: ERROL CLIVE
                  - paragraph [ref=e368]: Capital.com software is very easy to use and is very informative.
              - group "1 of 22" [ref=e370]:
                - link "2025-07-01 Victor Flemming Nandwa Søder Great customer service I got to say that. They helped get my account back very fast, after i logged myself out by losing my old email, it was so fast you wouldn’t believe it thank you once again." [ref=e371] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                  - generic [ref=e374]: 2025-07-01
                  - strong [ref=e375]: Victor Flemming Nandwa Søder
                  - paragraph [ref=e377]: Great customer service I got to say that. They helped get my account back very fast, after i logged myself out by losing my old email, it was so fast you wouldn’t believe it thank you once again.
              - group "2 of 22" [ref=e379]:
                - link "2025-07-01 Perry Reineke I'm learning the basics of stock investing. This platform is clear and pretty good. I've been using it for over 6 months." [ref=e380] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                  - generic [ref=e383]: 2025-07-01
                  - strong [ref=e384]: Perry Reineke
                  - paragraph [ref=e386]: I'm learning the basics of stock investing. This platform is clear and pretty good. I've been using it for over 6 months.
              - group "3 of 22" [ref=e388]:
                - link "2025-06-30 Brigman Everything worked as expected from the 1 day. I didn’t have to search how to use the platform, it’s intuitive. The support chat was there when I had a tiny issue." [ref=e389] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                  - generic [ref=e392]: 2025-06-30
                  - strong [ref=e393]: Brigman
                  - paragraph [ref=e395]: Everything worked as expected from the 1 day. I didn’t have to search how to use the platform, it’s intuitive. The support chat was there when I had a tiny issue.
              - group [ref=e397]:
                - link [ref=e398] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                  - generic [ref=e401]: 2025-06-29
                  - strong [ref=e402]: proinpro
                  - paragraph [ref=e404]: Capital is really great to be used on start, also beginner friendly broker! Great costumer support and it is quick!
              - group [ref=e406]:
                - link [ref=e407] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                  - generic [ref=e410]: 2025-06-27
                  - strong [ref=e411]: Gio Gvazava
                  - paragraph [ref=e413]: Capital.com has been great for both learning and trading. The app is clean, fast, and packed with useful tools. Customer support has been solid too. Definitely recommended for beginners and active traders alike.
              - group [ref=e415]:
                - link [ref=e416] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                  - generic [ref=e419]: 2025-06-22
                  - strong [ref=e420]: Jean A.
                  - paragraph [ref=e422]: The app is built to make options and figures easy to understand, great for beginners and intermediate traders. Demo accounts are simple to set up. 100:1 leverage is available.
              - group [ref=e424]:
                - link [ref=e425] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                  - generic [ref=e428]: 2025-06-22
                  - strong [ref=e429]: Douglas
                  - paragraph [ref=e431]: Deposits and withdrawals work without issues. Very low spreads. No noticeable fees. Easy to follow.
              - group [ref=e433]:
                - link [ref=e434] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
                  - generic [ref=e437]: 2025-06-19
                  - strong [ref=e438]: dgogidze7
                  - paragraph [ref=e440]: I would like to express a huge thank you to Evgeniya Logvinovich, customer service manager. For your attention and heartfelt attitude to your clients.❤️
              - group [ref=e442]:
                - link [ref=e443] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
                  - generic [ref=e446]: 2025-06-19
                  - strong [ref=e447]: foobarbeer
                  - paragraph [ref=e449]: I am extremely happy with this broker. Great spreads, good selection of instruments, well coded toolbox.
              - group [ref=e451]:
                - link [ref=e452] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                  - generic [ref=e455]: 2025-04-16
                  - strong [ref=e456]: LUCAS ONWUCHEKWA
                  - paragraph [ref=e458]: This site is always active and accessible 24hrs, every day
              - group [ref=e460]:
                - link [ref=e461] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
                  - generic [ref=e464]: 2025-05-29
                  - strong [ref=e465]: Casaubon70
                  - paragraph [ref=e467]: Love the TV integration. Makes traders life smooth and comfortable.
              - group [ref=e469]:
                - link [ref=e470] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
                  - generic [ref=e473]: 2025-05-24
                  - strong [ref=e474]: Radioilluminati
                  - paragraph [ref=e476]: I trade every day and Capital is my beloved home. I also create music and you can always feel when something has been created from the heart. Capital has soul!
              - group [ref=e478]:
                - link [ref=e479] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
                  - generic [ref=e482]: 2025-05-20
                  - strong [ref=e483]: GemzT
                  - paragraph [ref=e485]: I’d been paper trading for 2yrs now, went live and this platform is easy for beginners to understand and navigate all important tools to execute all that I learned. Earning now!
              - group [ref=e487]:
                - link [ref=e488] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                  - generic [ref=e491]: 2025-06-17
                  - strong [ref=e492]: BINSAYYAR
                  - paragraph [ref=e494]: Secure and responsive
              - group [ref=e496]:
                - link [ref=e497] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://app.appsflyer.com/com.capital.trading?cp_device_id=b9b07b54-2b94-4965-b05b-26ce21039efa
                  - generic [ref=e500]: 2025-05-06
                  - strong [ref=e501]: Mahran Rahim Bakhsh Rasool Bakhsh Al Balushi
                  - paragraph [ref=e503]: It's a great app, and it's safe to practice with the demo. Then, when you're ready for the real thing, I'd suggest installing it.
              - group [ref=e505]:
                - link [ref=e506] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://app.appsflyer.com/com.capital.trading?cp_device_id=b9b07b54-2b94-4965-b05b-26ce21039efa
                  - generic [ref=e509]: 2025-04-29
                  - strong [ref=e510]: dmjnoor
                  - paragraph [ref=e512]: This application is perfect.. simple, easy to use, run smoothly and fast and it has an accurate graphics.. be careful to use only one credit card and one bank account to prevent any withdrawal problem.. overnight fees and spread variation will be repaid for you by the next month.. I used many application but this is the best one
              - group [ref=e514]:
                - link [ref=e515] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://app.appsflyer.com/com.capital.trading?cp_device_id=b9b07b54-2b94-4965-b05b-26ce21039efa
                  - generic [ref=e518]: 2025-03-24
                  - strong [ref=e519]: Debbie P
                  - paragraph [ref=e521]: The best trading company I've found so far and so easy to use.
              - group [ref=e523]:
                - link [ref=e524] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                  - generic [ref=e527]: 2025-11-07
                  - strong [ref=e528]: Neill
                  - paragraph [ref=e530]: Your platform always works and is extremely reliable and now that you have added Alarms to the to the Desktop version, I am very happy
              - group [ref=e532]:
                - link [ref=e533] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                  - generic [ref=e536]: 2025-02-06
                  - strong [ref=e537]: Nouman Butt
                  - paragraph [ref=e539]: User friendly app & interface and good support team. Funds transfer ease & Leverage is an advantage but crypto is highly risky be responsible of your loss limits and risks appetite.
              - group [ref=e541]:
                - link [ref=e542] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                  - generic [ref=e545]: 2025-01-30
                  - strong [ref=e546]: Claus-Bernhard Schuetze
                  - paragraph [ref=e548]: Awesome trading platform On both desktop and mobile and u can start with low budget as the contracts can be adjusted and when u have confidence u can start full trading - being integrated in tradingview is absolutely awesome as well
              - group [ref=e550]:
                - link [ref=e551] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                  - generic [ref=e554]: 2025-04-18
                  - strong [ref=e555]: ROBERT AMBANI
                  - paragraph [ref=e557]: Great platform. Fast deposit and withdrawals
              - group [ref=e559]:
                - link [ref=e560] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                  - generic [ref=e563]: 2025-08-29
                  - strong [ref=e564]: ERROL CLIVE
                  - paragraph [ref=e566]: Capital.com software is very easy to use and is very informative.
              - group [ref=e568]:
                - link [ref=e569] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                  - generic [ref=e572]: 2025-07-01
                  - strong [ref=e573]: Victor Flemming Nandwa Søder
                  - paragraph [ref=e575]: Great customer service I got to say that. They helped get my account back very fast, after i logged myself out by losing my old email, it was so fast you wouldn’t believe it thank you once again.
              - group [ref=e577]:
                - link [ref=e578] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                  - generic [ref=e581]: 2025-07-01
                  - strong [ref=e582]: Perry Reineke
                  - paragraph [ref=e584]: I'm learning the basics of stock investing. This platform is clear and pretty good. I've been using it for over 6 months.
              - group [ref=e586]:
                - link [ref=e587] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                  - generic [ref=e590]: 2025-06-30
                  - strong [ref=e591]: Brigman
                  - paragraph [ref=e593]: Everything worked as expected from the 1 day. I didn’t have to search how to use the platform, it’s intuitive. The support chat was there when I had a tiny issue.
              - group [ref=e595]:
                - link [ref=e596] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                  - generic [ref=e599]: 2025-06-29
                  - strong [ref=e600]: proinpro
                  - paragraph [ref=e602]: Capital is really great to be used on start, also beginner friendly broker! Great costumer support and it is quick!
              - group [ref=e604]:
                - link [ref=e605] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                  - generic [ref=e608]: 2025-06-27
                  - strong [ref=e609]: Gio Gvazava
                  - paragraph [ref=e611]: Capital.com has been great for both learning and trading. The app is clean, fast, and packed with useful tools. Customer support has been solid too. Definitely recommended for beginners and active traders alike.
              - group [ref=e613]:
                - link [ref=e614] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                  - generic [ref=e617]: 2025-06-22
                  - strong [ref=e618]: Jean A.
                  - paragraph [ref=e620]: The app is built to make options and figures easy to understand, great for beginners and intermediate traders. Demo accounts are simple to set up. 100:1 leverage is available.
              - group [ref=e622]:
                - link [ref=e623] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                  - generic [ref=e626]: 2025-06-22
                  - strong [ref=e627]: Douglas
                  - paragraph [ref=e629]: Deposits and withdrawals work without issues. Very low spreads. No noticeable fees. Easy to follow.
              - group [ref=e631]:
                - link [ref=e632] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
                  - generic [ref=e635]: 2025-06-19
                  - strong [ref=e636]: dgogidze7
                  - paragraph [ref=e638]: I would like to express a huge thank you to Evgeniya Logvinovich, customer service manager. For your attention and heartfelt attitude to your clients.❤️
              - group [ref=e640]:
                - link [ref=e641] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
                  - generic [ref=e644]: 2025-06-19
                  - strong [ref=e645]: foobarbeer
                  - paragraph [ref=e647]: I am extremely happy with this broker. Great spreads, good selection of instruments, well coded toolbox.
              - group [ref=e649]:
                - link [ref=e650] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                  - generic [ref=e653]: 2025-04-16
                  - strong [ref=e654]: LUCAS ONWUCHEKWA
                  - paragraph [ref=e656]: This site is always active and accessible 24hrs, every day
              - group [ref=e658]:
                - link [ref=e659] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
                  - generic [ref=e662]: 2025-05-29
                  - strong [ref=e663]: Casaubon70
                  - paragraph [ref=e665]: Love the TV integration. Makes traders life smooth and comfortable.
              - group [ref=e667]:
                - link [ref=e668] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
                  - generic [ref=e671]: 2025-05-24
                  - strong [ref=e672]: Radioilluminati
                  - paragraph [ref=e674]: I trade every day and Capital is my beloved home. I also create music and you can always feel when something has been created from the heart. Capital has soul!
              - group [ref=e676]:
                - link [ref=e677] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
                  - generic [ref=e680]: 2025-05-20
                  - strong [ref=e681]: GemzT
                  - paragraph [ref=e683]: I’d been paper trading for 2yrs now, went live and this platform is easy for beginners to understand and navigate all important tools to execute all that I learned. Earning now!
              - group [ref=e685]:
                - link [ref=e686] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                  - generic [ref=e689]: 2025-06-17
                  - strong [ref=e690]: BINSAYYAR
                  - paragraph [ref=e692]: Secure and responsive
              - group [ref=e694]:
                - link [ref=e695] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://app.appsflyer.com/com.capital.trading
                  - generic [ref=e698]: 2025-05-06
                  - strong [ref=e699]: Mahran Rahim Bakhsh Rasool Bakhsh Al Balushi
                  - paragraph [ref=e701]: It's a great app, and it's safe to practice with the demo. Then, when you're ready for the real thing, I'd suggest installing it.
              - group [ref=e703]:
                - link [ref=e704] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://app.appsflyer.com/com.capital.trading
                  - generic [ref=e707]: 2025-04-29
                  - strong [ref=e708]: dmjnoor
                  - paragraph [ref=e710]: This application is perfect.. simple, easy to use, run smoothly and fast and it has an accurate graphics.. be careful to use only one credit card and one bank account to prevent any withdrawal problem.. overnight fees and spread variation will be repaid for you by the next month.. I used many application but this is the best one
              - group [ref=e712]:
                - link [ref=e713] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://app.appsflyer.com/com.capital.trading
                  - generic [ref=e716]: 2025-03-24
                  - strong [ref=e717]: Debbie P
                  - paragraph [ref=e719]: The best trading company I've found so far and so easy to use.
              - group [ref=e721]:
                - link [ref=e722] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                  - generic [ref=e725]: 2025-11-07
                  - strong [ref=e726]: Neill
                  - paragraph [ref=e728]: Your platform always works and is extremely reliable and now that you have added Alarms to the to the Desktop version, I am very happy
              - group [ref=e730]:
                - link [ref=e731] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                  - generic [ref=e734]: 2025-02-06
                  - strong [ref=e735]: Nouman Butt
                  - paragraph [ref=e737]: User friendly app & interface and good support team. Funds transfer ease & Leverage is an advantage but crypto is highly risky be responsible of your loss limits and risks appetite.
              - group [ref=e739]:
                - link [ref=e740] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                  - generic [ref=e743]: 2025-01-30
                  - strong [ref=e744]: Claus-Bernhard Schuetze
                  - paragraph [ref=e746]: Awesome trading platform On both desktop and mobile and u can start with low budget as the contracts can be adjusted and when u have confidence u can start full trading - being integrated in tradingview is absolutely awesome as well
              - group [ref=e748]:
                - link [ref=e749] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                  - generic [ref=e752]: 2025-04-18
                  - strong [ref=e753]: ROBERT AMBANI
                  - paragraph [ref=e755]: Great platform. Fast deposit and withdrawals
              - group [ref=e757]:
                - link [ref=e758] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                  - generic [ref=e761]: 2025-08-29
                  - strong [ref=e762]: ERROL CLIVE
                  - paragraph [ref=e764]: Capital.com software is very easy to use and is very informative.
            - generic:
              - button "Go to last slide" [ref=e766] [cursor=pointer]
              - button "Next slide" [ref=e767] [cursor=pointer]
          - paragraph [ref=e768]: Showing our 4 & 5 star reviews.
        - generic [ref=e770]:
          - link "4.8" [ref=e771] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
            - strong [ref=e774]: "4.8"
          - link "Ratings and Reviews 4.7" [ref=e777] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: https://app.appsflyer.com/id1230088754?cp_device_id=b9b07b54-2b94-4965-b05b-26ce21039efa
            - strong [ref=e779]: Ratings and Reviews
            - strong [ref=e781]: "4.7"
          - link "Ratings and Reviews 4.7" [ref=e784] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: https://app.appsflyer.com/com.capital.trading?cp_device_id=b9b07b54-2b94-4965-b05b-26ce21039efa
            - strong [ref=e786]: Ratings and Reviews
            - strong [ref=e788]: "4.7"
          - link "4.6" [ref=e791] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
            - strong [ref=e794]: "4.6"
      - generic [ref=e797]:
        - heading "Why trade CFDs with Capital.com?" [level=2] [ref=e799]
        - generic [ref=e800]:
          - generic [ref=e802]:
            - heading "Fair and transparent pricing" [level=3] [ref=e803]
            - paragraph [ref=e805]:
              - text: Get full clarity on the spreads and fees we charge via our
              - link "charges and fees" [ref=e806] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://capital.com/en-gb/ways-to-trade/fees-and-charges
              - text: page.
          - generic [ref=e808]:
            - heading "TradingView and MT4" [level=3] [ref=e809]
            - paragraph [ref=e811]: Seamlessly integrate our smart platform with elite third-party software.
          - generic [ref=e813]:
            - heading "Fast withdrawals" [level=3] [ref=e814]
            - paragraph [ref=e816]:
              - text: 100% of our traders’ withdrawal requests were processed within 24 hours in 2025.
              - superscript [ref=e817]: "2"
          - generic [ref=e819]:
            - heading "Round-the-clock support" [level=3] [ref=e820]
            - paragraph [ref=e822]: Get help when you need it, with our knowledgeable team available to assist you 24/7 in 10+ languages.
      - generic [ref=e825]:
        - generic [ref=e826]:
          - generic [ref=e827]:
            - generic [ref=e828]:
              - heading "Prefer to trade on mobile? Get the app." [level=2] [ref=e829]
              - paragraph [ref=e831]: Trade 5,500+ markets wherever there’s an internet connection, and set price alerts to notify you of significant market moves.
            - generic [ref=e833]:
              - img "QR code" [ref=e834]
              - generic [ref=e835]: Scan to Download
          - img "Image" [ref=e838]
        - generic [ref=e839]:
          - generic [ref=e840]:
            - generic [ref=e841]:
              - heading "Integrate with TradingView" [level=2] [ref=e842]
              - paragraph [ref=e844]: Trade CFDs with Capital.com directly through TradingView’s world-renowned charts.
            - link "Learn more" [ref=e846] [cursor=pointer]:
              - /url: /en-gb/trading-platforms/trading-view
          - img "Image" [ref=e849]
      - generic [ref=e852]:
        - heading "Find out more" [level=2] [ref=e854]
        - generic [ref=e855]:
          - generic [ref=e857]:
            - heading "Explore 5,500+ markets" [level=3] [ref=e858]
            - paragraph [ref=e860]: And view real-time and historical data to inform trading decisions.
            - link "Browse markets" [ref=e861] [cursor=pointer]:
              - /url: https://capital.com/en-gb/markets
              - generic [ref=e862]: Browse markets
          - generic [ref=e864]:
            - heading "Check out our fees" [level=3] [ref=e865]
            - paragraph [ref=e867]: To learn more about our transparent charges.
            - link "Go to fees and charges" [ref=e868] [cursor=pointer]:
              - /url: https://capital.com/en-gb/ways-to-trade/fees-and-charges
              - generic [ref=e869]: Go to fees and charges
          - generic [ref=e871]:
            - heading "Looking for help?" [level=3] [ref=e872]
            - paragraph [ref=e874]: Head to our support centre for FAQs and guides, or use our live-chat service to speak to someone from our team.
            - link "Get support" [ref=e875] [cursor=pointer]:
              - /url: https://help.capitalccuk.com/hc/en-us
              - generic [ref=e876]: Get support
      - paragraph [ref=e880]:
        - text: 1 – Stop-losses may not be guaranteed.
        - text: "2 – Source: Capital.com Group server data, 01.04.2026."
      - generic [ref=e882]:
        - generic [ref=e883]:
          - paragraph [ref=e884]: Why choose Capital.com? Our numbers speak for themselves
          - generic [ref=e885]: Capital.com Group
        - generic [ref=e886]:
          - generic [ref=e887]:
            - text: 840K+
            - text: Traders globally
          - generic [ref=e889]:
            - text: 125K+
            - text: Active clients monthly
          - generic [ref=e891]:
            - text: 24/7
            - text: Client support
          - generic [ref=e893]:
            - text: "100"
            - text: Technical indicators
      - generic [ref=e895]:
        - generic [ref=e896]:
          - generic [ref=e897]: Trusted partner
          - img "Trusted partner" [ref=e899]
        - generic [ref=e900]:
          - generic [ref=e901]: Featured partner
          - img "Featured partner" [ref=e903]
  - contentinfo [ref=e905]:
    - generic [ref=e906]:
      - link [ref=e907] [cursor=pointer]:
        - /url: /en-gb
        - img [ref=e908]
      - generic [ref=e916]:
        - link [ref=e917] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: https://app.appsflyer.com/id1230088754?cp_device_id=b9b07b54-2b94-4965-b05b-26ce21039efa
        - link [ref=e918] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: https://app.appsflyer.com/com.capital.trading?cp_device_id=b9b07b54-2b94-4965-b05b-26ce21039efa
        - link [ref=e919] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: https://app.appsflyer.com/com.capital.trading.huawei-huawei?cp_device_id=b9b07b54-2b94-4965-b05b-26ce21039efa
    - generic [ref=e920]:
      - generic [ref=e921]:
        - generic [ref=e922]:
          - generic [ref=e923]:
            - generic [ref=e924]: "Country / Region:"
            - button "United Kingdom" [ref=e925] [cursor=pointer]: United Kingdom
          - generic [ref=e927]: •
          - generic [ref=e928]:
            - generic [ref=e929]: "Language:"
            - button "English" [ref=e930] [cursor=pointer]
        - generic [ref=e931]:
          - generic [ref=e932]: "Also you can contact us:"
          - generic [ref=e934]:
            - link "+442030978888," [ref=e935] [cursor=pointer]:
              - /url: tel:+442030978888
            - link "+442037697777" [ref=e936] [cursor=pointer]:
              - /url: tel:+442037697777
          - generic [ref=e937]: •
          - link "support@capital.com" [ref=e939] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: mailto:support@capital.com
      - generic [ref=e940]:
        - generic [ref=e941]:
          - link "Trading" [ref=e943] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: /en-gb/ways-to-trade
            - strong [ref=e944]: Trading
          - generic [ref=e945]:
            - generic [ref=e946]:
              - generic [ref=e947]: Ways to trade
              - generic [ref=e948]:
                - link "CFD trading" [ref=e950] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-gb/ways-to-trade/cfd-trading
                - link "Spread betting" [ref=e952] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-gb/ways-to-trade/spread-betting
                - link "1X" [ref=e954] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-gb/ways-to-trade/1x
            - generic [ref=e955]:
              - generic [ref=e956]: Trading platforms
              - generic [ref=e957]:
                - link "Web platform" [ref=e959] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-gb/trading-platforms/web-platform
                - link "Mobile apps" [ref=e961] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-gb/trading-platforms/mobile-apps
                - link "TradingView" [ref=e963] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-gb/trading-platforms/trading-view
                - link "MT4" [ref=e965] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-gb/trading-platforms/mt4
                - link "API documentation" [ref=e967] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-gb/trading-platforms/api-development-guide
            - generic [ref=e968]:
              - generic [ref=e969]: Trading info
              - generic [ref=e970]:
                - link "Margin calls" [ref=e972] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-gb/ways-to-trade/margin-calls
                - link "How withdrawals work" [ref=e974] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-gb/ways-to-trade/how-withdrawals-work
                - link "Fraud prevention" [ref=e976] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-gb/ways-to-trade/fraud-awareness
                - link "Market abuse" [ref=e978] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-gb/ways-to-trade/market-abuse
            - generic [ref=e979]:
              - generic [ref=e980]: Trading tools
              - generic [ref=e981]:
                - link "Demo trading" [ref=e983] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-gb/trading-platforms/demo-account
                - link "CFD calculator" [ref=e985] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-gb/ways-to-trade/cfd-trading/cfd-calculator
        - generic [ref=e986]:
          - link "Markets" [ref=e988] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: /en-gb/markets
            - strong [ref=e989]: Markets
          - generic [ref=e990]:
            - generic [ref=e991]:
              - generic [ref=e992]: Our markets
              - generic [ref=e993]:
                - link "Shares" [ref=e995] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-gb/markets/shares
                - link "Forex" [ref=e997] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-gb/markets/forex
                - link "Indices" [ref=e999] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-gb/markets/indices
                - link "Commodities" [ref=e1001] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-gb/markets/commodities
            - generic [ref=e1002]:
              - generic [ref=e1003]: Market updates
              - generic [ref=e1004]:
                - link "Market analysis" [ref=e1006] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-gb/analysis
                - link "All Markets & Instruments" [ref=e1008] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-gb/markets-and-instruments-sitemap
        - generic [ref=e1009]:
          - link "Pricing" [ref=e1011] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: /en-gb/ways-to-trade/fees-and-charges
            - strong [ref=e1012]: Pricing
          - generic [ref=e1014]:
            - generic [ref=e1015]: Pricing
            - generic [ref=e1016]:
              - link "Charges and fees" [ref=e1018] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: /en-gb/ways-to-trade/fees-and-charges
              - link "Our business model" [ref=e1020] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: /en-gb/about-us/how-capital-makes-money
              - link "Capital.com's pricing" [ref=e1022] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: /en-gb/ways-to-trade/pricing
              - link "Markets pricing" [ref=e1024] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: /en-gb/about-us/how-our-markets-are-priced
        - generic [ref=e1025]:
          - link "Learn" [ref=e1027] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: /en-gb/learn
            - strong [ref=e1028]: Learn
          - generic [ref=e1029]:
            - generic [ref=e1030]:
              - generic [ref=e1031]: For trading beginners
              - generic [ref=e1032]:
                - link "Trading essentials" [ref=e1034] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-gb/learn/essentials
                - link "Risk management" [ref=e1036] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-gb/learn/risk-management
                - link "Market guides" [ref=e1038] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-gb/learn/market-guides
                - link "Demo trading" [ref=e1040] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-gb/trading-platforms/demo-account
                - link "Forex course" [ref=e1042] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-gb/learn/forex-course
                - link "Commodity course" [ref=e1044] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-gb/learn/commodity-course
                - link "Indices course" [ref=e1046] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-gb/learn/indices-course
                - link "Stock course" [ref=e1048] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-gb/learn/stock-course
                - link "Investmate app" [ref=e1050] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-gb/learn/investmate-trading-app
                - link "Glossary" [ref=e1052] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-gb/learn/glossary
            - generic [ref=e1053]:
              - generic [ref=e1054]: For experienced traders
              - generic [ref=e1055]:
                - link "Trading strategies" [ref=e1057] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-gb/learn/trading-strategies
                - link "Trading psychology" [ref=e1059] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-gb/learn/trading-psychology
                - link "Technical analysis" [ref=e1061] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-gb/learn/technical-analysis
                - link "Market analysis" [ref=e1063] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-gb/analysis
                - link "IPO Trading" [ref=e1065] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-gb/learn/ipo
        - generic [ref=e1066]:
          - link "About" [ref=e1068] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: /en-gb/about-us
            - strong [ref=e1069]: About
          - generic [ref=e1070]:
            - generic [ref=e1071]:
              - generic [ref=e1072]: About us
              - generic [ref=e1073]:
                - link "Why Capital.com?" [ref=e1075] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-gb/why-capital
                - link "Our history" [ref=e1077] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-gb/about-us/our-history
                - link "Our offices" [ref=e1079] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-gb/about-us/our-offices
                - link "Leadership team" [ref=e1081] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-gb/about-us/our-leadership
                - link "Client funds" [ref=e1083] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-gb/about-us/what-capital-does-with-your-money
                - link "Press releases" [ref=e1085] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-gb/media-centre
                - link "Is capital.com safe?" [ref=e1087] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-gb/security-measures
                - link "Investor Relations" [ref=e1089] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-gb/about-us/investor-relations
                - link "Contact us" [ref=e1091] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-gb/contact-us
            - generic [ref=e1092]:
              - generic [ref=e1093]: Get help
              - generic [ref=e1094]:
                - link "Help" [ref=e1096] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-gb/help
                - link "Client vulnerability" [ref=e1098] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-gb/help/client-vulnerability
                - link "Complaints" [ref=e1100] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-gb/help/complaints
                - link "Terms and policies" [ref=e1102] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-gb/terms-and-policies
            - generic [ref=e1103]:
              - generic [ref=e1104]: Work for us
              - link "Careers" [ref=e1107] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: /en-gb/about-us/careers
    - generic [ref=e1109]:
      - paragraph [ref=e1110]: Risk warning
      - paragraph [ref=e1111]:
        - strong [ref=e1112]: All Trading involves risk.
        - text: Spread bets and CFDs are complex instruments and come with a high risk of losing money rapidly due to leverage.
        - strong [ref=e1113]: 62% of retail investor accounts lose money when trading spread bets and CFDs with this provider
        - text: . You should consider whether you understand how spread bets and CFDs work and whether you can afford to take the high risk of losing your money. Professional clients can lose more than they deposit. Please refer to our
        - link "Risk Disclosure Statement" [ref=e1114] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: https://capital.com/risk-disclosure-statement-fca
      - paragraph [ref=e1115]:
        - text: 1X is a non-leveraged CFD. It is a derivative, and is therefore a complex product. The value of your investment can go down as well as up, and you may get back less than you invest.
        - text: Crypto Derivatives are not available to Retail clients registered with Capital Com (UK) Ltd.
        - text: The value of shares and ETFs bought through a share dealing account can fall as well as rise, which could mean getting back less than you originally put in. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
        - text: The information contained herein is not intended for distribution to residents in any country where such distribution or use would contravene any local law or regulatory requirement.
      - paragraph [ref=e1116]
      - paragraph [ref=e1117]: Capital Com (UK) Limited (“CCUK”) is registered in England and Wales with company registration number 10506220. CCUK is Authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (“FCA”), under registration number 793714.
    - generic [ref=e1118]:
      - paragraph [ref=e1119]: © 2026 Capital Com (UK) Limited
      - generic [ref=e1120]:
        - link "Sitemap" [ref=e1121] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: /en-gb/sitemap
        - link "Cookie settings" [ref=e1122] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: ""
        - link "Clients Funds" [ref=e1123] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: /en-gb/about-us/what-capital-does-with-your-money
        - link "Terms and Policies" [ref=e1124] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: /en-gb/terms-and-policies
        - link "Complaints Procedure (CCUK)" [ref=e1125] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: /en-gb/help/complaints
  - generic:
    - generic: Cookie settings
  - button [ref=e1126] [cursor=pointer]
  - alert [ref=e1128]: Award Winning Web Trading Platform | Capital.com UK
```