# Page snapshot

```yaml
- generic [active] [ref=e1]:
  - banner [ref=e2]:
    - button "CFDs are complex instruments and come with a high risk of losing money rapidly due to leverage. You should consider whether you understand how CFDs work and can afford the risks." [ref=e3]:
      - generic [ref=e6]: CFDs are complex instruments and come with a high risk of losing money rapidly due to leverage. You should consider whether you understand how CFDs work and can afford the risks.
    - generic [ref=e10]:
      - generic [ref=e11]:
        - link "PERSONAL" [ref=e12] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: /en-au
        - link "PROFESSIONAL" [ref=e13] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: /en-au/professional
        - link "CORPORATE" [ref=e14] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: /en-au/corporate-accounts
        - link "PREMIUM" [ref=e15] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: /en-au/ways-to-trade/premium-services
      - generic [ref=e16]:
        - link "SUPPORT" [ref=e17] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: /en-au/help
        - button "en" [ref=e19] [cursor=pointer]:
          - strong [ref=e21]: en
    - generic [ref=e22]:
      - link [ref=e23] [cursor=pointer]:
        - /url: /en-au
        - img [ref=e24]
      - generic [ref=e33]:
        - button [ref=e35] [cursor=pointer]:
          - generic:
            - textbox "global-search":
              - /placeholder: Search
        - generic [ref=e36]:
          - generic [ref=e37]:
            - link "Trading" [ref=e40] [cursor=pointer]:
              - /url: /en-au/ways-to-trade
            - generic:
              - generic:
                - generic:
                  - link "Trading":
                    - /url: /en-au/ways-to-trade
                    - generic:
                      - generic: Trading
                - generic:
                  - generic:
                    - generic:
                      - strong: Ways to trade
                  - generic:
                    - generic:
                      - strong: Trading platforms
                  - generic:
                    - generic:
                      - strong: Trading info
                  - generic:
                    - generic:
                      - strong: Trading tools
          - generic [ref=e41]:
            - link "Markets" [ref=e44] [cursor=pointer]:
              - /url: /en-au/markets
            - generic:
              - generic:
                - generic:
                  - link "Markets":
                    - /url: /en-au/markets
                    - generic:
                      - generic: Markets
                - generic:
                  - generic:
                    - generic:
                      - strong: Our CFD markets
                  - generic:
                    - generic:
                      - strong: Market updates
          - generic [ref=e45]:
            - link "Learn" [ref=e48] [cursor=pointer]:
              - /url: /en-au/learn
            - generic:
              - generic:
                - generic:
                  - link "Learn":
                    - /url: /en-au/learn
                    - generic:
                      - generic: Learn
                - generic:
                  - generic:
                    - generic:
                      - strong: Trading basics
                  - generic:
                    - generic:
                      - strong: For experienced traders
          - generic [ref=e49]:
            - link "Pricing" [ref=e52] [cursor=pointer]:
              - /url: /en-au/ways-to-trade/fees-and-charges
            - generic:
              - generic:
                - generic:
                  - link "Pricing":
                    - /url: /en-au/ways-to-trade/fees-and-charges
                    - generic:
                      - generic: Pricing
                - generic:
                  - generic:
                    - generic:
                      - strong: Pricing
          - generic [ref=e53]:
            - link "About" [ref=e56] [cursor=pointer]:
              - /url: /en-au/about-us
            - generic:
              - generic:
                - generic:
                  - link "About":
                    - /url: /en-au/about-us
                    - generic:
                      - generic: About
                - generic:
                  - generic:
                    - generic:
                      - strong: About us
                  - generic:
                    - generic:
                      - strong: Get help
                  - generic:
                    - generic:
                      - strong: Work for us
      - generic [ref=e57]:
        - generic [ref=e58]:
          - button "Log In" [ref=e59] [cursor=pointer]: Log In
          - button "Sign Up" [ref=e60] [cursor=pointer]: Sign Up
        - link "Open platform user":
          - /url: /trading/platform/
          - text: Open platform
          - img "user"
  - generic [ref=e62]:
    - generic [ref=e64]:
      - generic [ref=e68]:
        - heading "Hi Australia. How can we help your trading?" [level=1] [ref=e69]
        - paragraph [ref=e71]: Join an established global CFD broker with offices right here in Australia. Get expert support from our Melbourne-based team (with through-the-night coverage from the UK), and professional insight from our Aussie analyst Kyle Rodda.
        - generic [ref=e72]:
          - button "Sign up" [ref=e73] [cursor=pointer]
          - button "Try demo" [ref=e74] [cursor=pointer]
      - paragraph [ref=e75]: Authorised and regulated by the Australian Securities and Investments Commission (ASIC)
    - generic [ref=e77]:
      - link "4.8" [ref=e78] [cursor=pointer]:
        - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
        - strong [ref=e81]: "4.8"
      - link "Ratings and Reviews 4.7" [ref=e84] [cursor=pointer]:
        - /url: https://app.appsflyer.com/id1230088754?cp_device_id=fc9eb5eb-486a-4192-886f-91d043c89a47&af_js_web=true&af_ss_ver=2_9_0&pid=organic_web&af_ss_ui=true
        - strong [ref=e86]: Ratings and Reviews
        - strong [ref=e88]: "4.7"
      - link "Ratings and Reviews 4.7" [ref=e91] [cursor=pointer]:
        - /url: https://app.appsflyer.com/com.capital.trading?cp_device_id=fc9eb5eb-486a-4192-886f-91d043c89a47&af_js_web=true&af_ss_ver=2_9_0&pid=organic_web&af_ss_ui=true
        - strong [ref=e93]: Ratings and Reviews
        - strong [ref=e95]: "4.7"
      - link "4.6" [ref=e98] [cursor=pointer]:
        - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
        - strong [ref=e101]: "4.6"
    - generic [ref=e105]:
      - heading "Why choose Capital.com?" [level=2] [ref=e107]
      - generic [ref=e108]:
        - generic [ref=e111]:
          - heading "Award-winningly easy to use" [level=3] [ref=e112]
          - paragraph [ref=e114]: Trade the world’s CFD markets with the Best Overall Trading Account (Good Money Guide 2025) and Best CFD Provider (Online Money Awards 2023).
          - link "Discover our platforms" [ref=e115] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: /en-au/trading-platforms
            - generic [ref=e116]: Discover our platforms
        - generic [ref=e119]:
          - heading "Fast account opening" [level=3] [ref=e120]
          - generic [ref=e121]: Opening an account with us is quick and simple – you could be logged in and trading today.
          - link "Discover CFD trading" [ref=e122] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: /en-au/ways-to-trade/cfd-trading
            - generic [ref=e123]: Discover CFD trading
        - generic [ref=e126]:
          - heading "Dedicated Australian team" [level=3] [ref=e127]
          - paragraph [ref=e129]:
            - text: You’ll be supported by the friendly, helpful team based in our Melbourne office – whether you need to talk about your account, or want to read timely market commentary from our analyst
            - link "Kyle Rodda" [ref=e130] [cursor=pointer]:
              - /url: https://capital.com/en-au/analysis/kyle-rodda
            - text: .
          - link "Get in touch" [ref=e131] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: /en-au/help
            - generic [ref=e132]: Get in touch
        - generic [ref=e135]:
          - heading "Your markets, your leverage" [level=3] [ref=e136]
          - generic [ref=e137]: Trade CFDs on the Australia 200, AUD/USD, gold, shares and thousands more, choosing the leverage that suits you.
          - link "Discover what you can trade" [ref=e138] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: /en-au/markets
            - generic [ref=e139]: Discover what you can trade
        - generic [ref=e142]:
          - heading "Clear, competitive fees" [level=3] [ref=e143]
          - generic [ref=e144]: 0% commission, always. Transparent charges for spreads, overnight funding and guaranteed stop-losses. Click the link below to learn more.
          - link "Check fees" [ref=e145] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: /en-au/ways-to-trade/fees-and-charges
            - generic [ref=e146]: Check fees
        - generic [ref=e149]:
          - heading "Everything you need to trade" [level=3] [ref=e150]
          - generic [ref=e151]: Compare multiple markets on fast charts. More indicators than you can shake a (candle)stick at. In-platform tradable news. TradingView and MT4. We’d go on, but we’re running out of room!
          - link "More ways we help you trade" [ref=e152] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: /en-au/trading-platforms
            - generic [ref=e153]: More ways we help you trade
      - button "Sign Up" [ref=e155] [cursor=pointer]
    - generic [ref=e156]:
      - generic [ref=e158]:
        - heading "Read our reviews to find out more about us" [level=2] [ref=e159]
        - generic [ref=e160]: Read the feedback from our clients, whatever their experience level.
      - generic [ref=e161]:
        - region [ref=e162]:
          - generic [ref=e164]:
            - group [ref=e165]:
              - link [ref=e166] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                - generic [ref=e169]: 2025-07-01
                - strong [ref=e170]: Victor Flemming Nandwa Søder
                - paragraph [ref=e172]: Great customer service I got to say that. They helped get my account back very fast, after i logged myself out by losing my old email, it was so fast you wouldn’t believe it thank you once again.
            - group [ref=e174]:
              - link [ref=e175] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                - generic [ref=e178]: 2025-07-01
                - strong [ref=e179]: Perry Reineke
                - paragraph [ref=e181]: I'm learning the basics of stock investing. This platform is clear and pretty good. I've been using it for over 6 months.
            - group [ref=e183]:
              - link [ref=e184] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                - generic [ref=e187]: 2025-06-29
                - strong [ref=e188]: proinpro
                - paragraph [ref=e190]: Capital is really great to be used on start, also beginner friendly broker! Great costumer support and it is quick!
            - group [ref=e192]:
              - link [ref=e193] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                - generic [ref=e196]: 2025-06-27
                - strong [ref=e197]: Gio Gvazava
                - paragraph [ref=e199]: Capital.com has been great for both learning and trading. The app is clean, fast, and packed with useful tools. Customer support has been solid too. Definitely recommended for beginners and active traders alike.
            - group [ref=e201]:
              - link [ref=e202] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                - generic [ref=e205]: 2025-06-22
                - strong [ref=e206]: Douglas
                - paragraph [ref=e208]: Deposits and withdrawals work without issues. Very low spreads. No noticeable fees. Easy to follow.
            - group [ref=e210]:
              - link [ref=e211] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                - generic [ref=e214]: 2025-06-22
                - strong [ref=e215]: Jean A.
                - paragraph [ref=e217]: The app is built to make options and figures easy to understand, great for beginners and intermediate traders. Demo accounts are simple to set up. 100:1 leverage is available.
            - group [ref=e219]:
              - link [ref=e220] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
                - generic [ref=e223]: 2025-06-19
                - strong [ref=e224]: foobarbeer
                - paragraph [ref=e226]: I am extremely happy with this broker. Great spreads, good selection of instruments, well coded toolbox.
            - group [ref=e228]:
              - link [ref=e229] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
                - generic [ref=e232]: 2025-06-19
                - strong [ref=e233]: Casaubon70
                - paragraph [ref=e235]: Love the TV integration. Makes traders life smooth and comfortable.
            - group [ref=e237]:
              - link [ref=e238] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
                - generic [ref=e241]: 2025-06-19
                - strong [ref=e242]: dgogidze7
                - paragraph [ref=e244]: I would like to express a huge thank you to Evgeniya Logvinovich, customer service manager. For your attention and heartfelt attitude to your clients.❤️
            - group [ref=e246]:
              - link [ref=e247] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                - generic [ref=e250]: 2025-05-30
                - strong [ref=e251]: Brigman
                - paragraph [ref=e253]: Everything worked as expected from the 1 day. I didn’t have to search how to use the platform, it’s intuitive. The support chat was there when I had a tiny issue.
            - group [ref=e255]:
              - link [ref=e256] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
                - generic [ref=e259]: 2025-05-24
                - strong [ref=e260]: Radioilluminati
                - paragraph [ref=e262]: I trade every day and Capital is my beloved home. I also create music and you can always feel when something has been created from the heart. Capital has soul!
            - group [ref=e264]:
              - link [ref=e265] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://app.appsflyer.com/com.capital.trading
                - generic [ref=e268]: 2025-04-29
                - strong [ref=e269]: dmjnoor
                - paragraph [ref=e271]: This application is perfect.. simple, easy to use, run smoothly and fast and it has an accurate graphics.. be careful to use only one credit card and one bank account to prevent any withdrawal problem.. overnight fees and spread variation will be repaid for you by the next month.. I used many application but this is the best one
            - group [ref=e273]:
              - link [ref=e274] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
                - generic [ref=e277]: 2025-05-20
                - strong [ref=e278]: GemzT
                - paragraph [ref=e280]: I’d been paper trading for 2yrs now, went live and this platform is easy for beginners to understand and navigate all important tools to execute all that I learned. Earning now!
            - group [ref=e282]:
              - link [ref=e283] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://app.appsflyer.com/com.capital.trading
                - generic [ref=e286]: 2025-03-24
                - strong [ref=e287]: Debbie P
                - paragraph [ref=e289]: The best trading company I've found so far and so easy to use.
            - group [ref=e291]:
              - link [ref=e292] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://app.appsflyer.com/com.capital.trading
                - generic [ref=e295]: 2025-02-06
                - strong [ref=e296]: Nouman Butt
                - paragraph [ref=e298]: User friendly app & interface and good support team. Funds transfer ease & Leverage is an advantage but crypto is highly risky be responsible of your loss limits and risks appetite.
            - group "1 of 15" [ref=e300]:
              - link "2025-07-01 Victor Flemming Nandwa Søder Great customer service I got to say that. They helped get my account back very fast, after i logged myself out by losing my old email, it was so fast you wouldn’t believe it thank you once again." [ref=e301] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                - generic [ref=e304]: 2025-07-01
                - strong [ref=e305]: Victor Flemming Nandwa Søder
                - paragraph [ref=e307]: Great customer service I got to say that. They helped get my account back very fast, after i logged myself out by losing my old email, it was so fast you wouldn’t believe it thank you once again.
            - group "2 of 15" [ref=e309]:
              - link "2025-07-01 Perry Reineke I'm learning the basics of stock investing. This platform is clear and pretty good. I've been using it for over 6 months." [ref=e310] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                - generic [ref=e313]: 2025-07-01
                - strong [ref=e314]: Perry Reineke
                - paragraph [ref=e316]: I'm learning the basics of stock investing. This platform is clear and pretty good. I've been using it for over 6 months.
            - group "3 of 15" [ref=e318]:
              - link "2025-06-29 proinpro Capital is really great to be used on start, also beginner friendly broker! Great costumer support and it is quick!" [ref=e319] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                - generic [ref=e322]: 2025-06-29
                - strong [ref=e323]: proinpro
                - paragraph [ref=e325]: Capital is really great to be used on start, also beginner friendly broker! Great costumer support and it is quick!
            - group [ref=e327]:
              - link [ref=e328] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                - generic [ref=e331]: 2025-06-27
                - strong [ref=e332]: Gio Gvazava
                - paragraph [ref=e334]: Capital.com has been great for both learning and trading. The app is clean, fast, and packed with useful tools. Customer support has been solid too. Definitely recommended for beginners and active traders alike.
            - group [ref=e336]:
              - link [ref=e337] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                - generic [ref=e340]: 2025-06-22
                - strong [ref=e341]: Douglas
                - paragraph [ref=e343]: Deposits and withdrawals work without issues. Very low spreads. No noticeable fees. Easy to follow.
            - group [ref=e345]:
              - link [ref=e346] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                - generic [ref=e349]: 2025-06-22
                - strong [ref=e350]: Jean A.
                - paragraph [ref=e352]: The app is built to make options and figures easy to understand, great for beginners and intermediate traders. Demo accounts are simple to set up. 100:1 leverage is available.
            - group [ref=e354]:
              - link [ref=e355] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
                - generic [ref=e358]: 2025-06-19
                - strong [ref=e359]: foobarbeer
                - paragraph [ref=e361]: I am extremely happy with this broker. Great spreads, good selection of instruments, well coded toolbox.
            - group [ref=e363]:
              - link [ref=e364] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
                - generic [ref=e367]: 2025-06-19
                - strong [ref=e368]: Casaubon70
                - paragraph [ref=e370]: Love the TV integration. Makes traders life smooth and comfortable.
            - group [ref=e372]:
              - link [ref=e373] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
                - generic [ref=e376]: 2025-06-19
                - strong [ref=e377]: dgogidze7
                - paragraph [ref=e379]: I would like to express a huge thank you to Evgeniya Logvinovich, customer service manager. For your attention and heartfelt attitude to your clients.❤️
            - group [ref=e381]:
              - link [ref=e382] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                - generic [ref=e385]: 2025-05-30
                - strong [ref=e386]: Brigman
                - paragraph [ref=e388]: Everything worked as expected from the 1 day. I didn’t have to search how to use the platform, it’s intuitive. The support chat was there when I had a tiny issue.
            - group [ref=e390]:
              - link [ref=e391] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
                - generic [ref=e394]: 2025-05-24
                - strong [ref=e395]: Radioilluminati
                - paragraph [ref=e397]: I trade every day and Capital is my beloved home. I also create music and you can always feel when something has been created from the heart. Capital has soul!
            - group [ref=e399]:
              - link [ref=e400] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://app.appsflyer.com/com.capital.trading?cp_device_id=fc9eb5eb-486a-4192-886f-91d043c89a47&af_js_web=true&af_ss_ver=2_9_0&pid=organic_web&af_ss_ui=true
                - generic [ref=e403]: 2025-04-29
                - strong [ref=e404]: dmjnoor
                - paragraph [ref=e406]: This application is perfect.. simple, easy to use, run smoothly and fast and it has an accurate graphics.. be careful to use only one credit card and one bank account to prevent any withdrawal problem.. overnight fees and spread variation will be repaid for you by the next month.. I used many application but this is the best one
            - group [ref=e408]:
              - link [ref=e409] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
                - generic [ref=e412]: 2025-05-20
                - strong [ref=e413]: GemzT
                - paragraph [ref=e415]: I’d been paper trading for 2yrs now, went live and this platform is easy for beginners to understand and navigate all important tools to execute all that I learned. Earning now!
            - group [ref=e417]:
              - link [ref=e418] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://app.appsflyer.com/com.capital.trading?cp_device_id=fc9eb5eb-486a-4192-886f-91d043c89a47&af_js_web=true&af_ss_ver=2_9_0&pid=organic_web&af_ss_ui=true
                - generic [ref=e421]: 2025-03-24
                - strong [ref=e422]: Debbie P
                - paragraph [ref=e424]: The best trading company I've found so far and so easy to use.
            - group [ref=e426]:
              - link [ref=e427] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://app.appsflyer.com/com.capital.trading?cp_device_id=fc9eb5eb-486a-4192-886f-91d043c89a47&af_js_web=true&af_ss_ver=2_9_0&pid=organic_web&af_ss_ui=true
                - generic [ref=e430]: 2025-02-06
                - strong [ref=e431]: Nouman Butt
                - paragraph [ref=e433]: User friendly app & interface and good support team. Funds transfer ease & Leverage is an advantage but crypto is highly risky be responsible of your loss limits and risks appetite.
            - group [ref=e435]:
              - link [ref=e436] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                - generic [ref=e439]: 2025-07-01
                - strong [ref=e440]: Victor Flemming Nandwa Søder
                - paragraph [ref=e442]: Great customer service I got to say that. They helped get my account back very fast, after i logged myself out by losing my old email, it was so fast you wouldn’t believe it thank you once again.
            - group [ref=e444]:
              - link [ref=e445] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                - generic [ref=e448]: 2025-07-01
                - strong [ref=e449]: Perry Reineke
                - paragraph [ref=e451]: I'm learning the basics of stock investing. This platform is clear and pretty good. I've been using it for over 6 months.
            - group [ref=e453]:
              - link [ref=e454] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                - generic [ref=e457]: 2025-06-29
                - strong [ref=e458]: proinpro
                - paragraph [ref=e460]: Capital is really great to be used on start, also beginner friendly broker! Great costumer support and it is quick!
            - group [ref=e462]:
              - link [ref=e463] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                - generic [ref=e466]: 2025-06-27
                - strong [ref=e467]: Gio Gvazava
                - paragraph [ref=e469]: Capital.com has been great for both learning and trading. The app is clean, fast, and packed with useful tools. Customer support has been solid too. Definitely recommended for beginners and active traders alike.
            - group [ref=e471]:
              - link [ref=e472] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                - generic [ref=e475]: 2025-06-22
                - strong [ref=e476]: Douglas
                - paragraph [ref=e478]: Deposits and withdrawals work without issues. Very low spreads. No noticeable fees. Easy to follow.
            - group [ref=e480]:
              - link [ref=e481] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                - generic [ref=e484]: 2025-06-22
                - strong [ref=e485]: Jean A.
                - paragraph [ref=e487]: The app is built to make options and figures easy to understand, great for beginners and intermediate traders. Demo accounts are simple to set up. 100:1 leverage is available.
            - group [ref=e489]:
              - link [ref=e490] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
                - generic [ref=e493]: 2025-06-19
                - strong [ref=e494]: foobarbeer
                - paragraph [ref=e496]: I am extremely happy with this broker. Great spreads, good selection of instruments, well coded toolbox.
            - group [ref=e498]:
              - link [ref=e499] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
                - generic [ref=e502]: 2025-06-19
                - strong [ref=e503]: Casaubon70
                - paragraph [ref=e505]: Love the TV integration. Makes traders life smooth and comfortable.
            - group [ref=e507]:
              - link [ref=e508] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
                - generic [ref=e511]: 2025-06-19
                - strong [ref=e512]: dgogidze7
                - paragraph [ref=e514]: I would like to express a huge thank you to Evgeniya Logvinovich, customer service manager. For your attention and heartfelt attitude to your clients.❤️
            - group [ref=e516]:
              - link [ref=e517] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                - generic [ref=e520]: 2025-05-30
                - strong [ref=e521]: Brigman
                - paragraph [ref=e523]: Everything worked as expected from the 1 day. I didn’t have to search how to use the platform, it’s intuitive. The support chat was there when I had a tiny issue.
            - group [ref=e525]:
              - link [ref=e526] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
                - generic [ref=e529]: 2025-05-24
                - strong [ref=e530]: Radioilluminati
                - paragraph [ref=e532]: I trade every day and Capital is my beloved home. I also create music and you can always feel when something has been created from the heart. Capital has soul!
            - group [ref=e534]:
              - link [ref=e535] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://app.appsflyer.com/com.capital.trading
                - generic [ref=e538]: 2025-04-29
                - strong [ref=e539]: dmjnoor
                - paragraph [ref=e541]: This application is perfect.. simple, easy to use, run smoothly and fast and it has an accurate graphics.. be careful to use only one credit card and one bank account to prevent any withdrawal problem.. overnight fees and spread variation will be repaid for you by the next month.. I used many application but this is the best one
            - group [ref=e543]:
              - link [ref=e544] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
                - generic [ref=e547]: 2025-05-20
                - strong [ref=e548]: GemzT
                - paragraph [ref=e550]: I’d been paper trading for 2yrs now, went live and this platform is easy for beginners to understand and navigate all important tools to execute all that I learned. Earning now!
            - group [ref=e552]:
              - link [ref=e553] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://app.appsflyer.com/com.capital.trading
                - generic [ref=e556]: 2025-03-24
                - strong [ref=e557]: Debbie P
                - paragraph [ref=e559]: The best trading company I've found so far and so easy to use.
            - group [ref=e561]:
              - link [ref=e562] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://app.appsflyer.com/com.capital.trading
                - generic [ref=e565]: 2025-02-06
                - strong [ref=e566]: Nouman Butt
                - paragraph [ref=e568]: User friendly app & interface and good support team. Funds transfer ease & Leverage is an advantage but crypto is highly risky be responsible of your loss limits and risks appetite.
          - generic:
            - button "Go to last slide" [ref=e570] [cursor=pointer]
            - button "Next slide" [ref=e571] [cursor=pointer]
        - paragraph [ref=e572]: Showing our 4 & 5 star reviews.
      - generic [ref=e574]:
        - link "4.8" [ref=e575] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
          - strong [ref=e578]: "4.8"
        - link "Ratings and Reviews 4.7" [ref=e581] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: https://app.appsflyer.com/id1230088754?cp_device_id=fc9eb5eb-486a-4192-886f-91d043c89a47&af_js_web=true&af_ss_ver=2_9_0&pid=organic_web&af_ss_ui=true
          - strong [ref=e583]: Ratings and Reviews
          - strong [ref=e585]: "4.7"
        - link "Ratings and Reviews 4.7" [ref=e588] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: https://app.appsflyer.com/com.capital.trading?cp_device_id=fc9eb5eb-486a-4192-886f-91d043c89a47&af_js_web=true&af_ss_ver=2_9_0&pid=organic_web&af_ss_ui=true
          - strong [ref=e590]: Ratings and Reviews
          - strong [ref=e592]: "4.7"
        - link "4.6" [ref=e595] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
          - strong [ref=e598]: "4.6"
    - generic [ref=e602]:
      - generic [ref=e603]:
        - heading "For experienced traders" [level=2] [ref=e604]
        - paragraph [ref=e606]: The ideal service, tools and resources to further advance your skills.
      - generic [ref=e607]:
        - generic [ref=e609]:
          - heading "Charting tools and indicators" [level=3] [ref=e610]
          - paragraph [ref=e612]: Sharpen your analysis with an array of intuitive charts, drawing tools and 100+ indicators.
        - generic [ref=e614]:
          - heading "Get flexible leverage" [level=3] [ref=e615]
          - paragraph [ref=e617]: Control larger CFD positions with low margins on selected markets. Leverage magnifies both profits and losses. Limits may apply.
        - generic [ref=e619]:
          - heading "Round-the-clock support" [level=3] [ref=e620]
          - paragraph [ref=e622]: Our knowledgeable team is available 24/7 to assist you.
        - generic [ref=e624]:
          - heading "Sophisticated trader?" [level=3] [ref=e625]
          - paragraph [ref=e627]: Meet certain criteria, and you could qualify to be treated as a professional – so you won’t be subject to leverage limits.
      - generic [ref=e628]:
        - img "platform" [ref=e630]
        - generic [ref=e631]:
          - heading "Rapid withdrawals" [level=2] [ref=e632]
          - paragraph [ref=e634]: 99% of withdrawals are processed within one business day, according to our internal server data from 2024.
    - generic [ref=e636]:
      - generic [ref=e637]:
        - heading "Our markets" [level=2] [ref=e638]
        - generic [ref=e639]: Stay informed with the data that matters, on 5,500+ CFD markets. Get the latest news, trader sentiment, spreads, price action and much more.
      - generic [ref=e640]:
        - generic [ref=e643]:
          - button "All All Commodities Forex Indices Shares Crypto" [ref=e644]:
            - button "All" [ref=e645] [cursor=pointer]:
              - textbox "All" [ref=e647]
            - generic:
              - button "All"
              - button "Commodities"
              - button "Forex"
              - button "Indices"
              - button "Shares"
              - button "Crypto"
          - button "Most traded Sort Top fallers Most traded Top risers Most volatile" [ref=e648]:
            - button "Most traded Sort" [ref=e649] [cursor=pointer]:
              - generic [ref=e650]:
                - textbox "Sort" [ref=e651]:
                  - /placeholder: " "
                  - text: Most traded
                - generic: Sort
            - generic:
              - button "Top fallers"
              - button "Most traded"
              - button "Top risers"
              - button "Most volatile"
        - region [ref=e652]:
          - generic [ref=e653]:
            - group "1 of 8" [ref=e654]:
              - button "Gold 4787.06 +2.57%" [ref=e655]:
                - generic [ref=e656]:
                  - generic [ref=e657]: Gold
                  - generic [ref=e658]:
                    - generic [ref=e659]: "4787.06"
                    - generic [ref=e660]: +2.57%
            - group "2 of 8" [ref=e661]:
              - button "Bitcoin/USD 68933.15 +1.12%" [ref=e662] [cursor=pointer]:
                - generic [ref=e663]:
                  - generic [ref=e664]: Bitcoin/USD
                  - generic [ref=e665]:
                    - generic [ref=e666]: "68933.15"
                    - generic [ref=e667]: +1.12%
            - group "3 of 8" [ref=e668]:
              - button "Ripple/USD 1.36032 +1.490%" [ref=e669] [cursor=pointer]:
                - generic [ref=e670]:
                  - generic [ref=e671]: Ripple/USD
                  - generic [ref=e672]:
                    - generic [ref=e673]: "1.36032"
                    - generic [ref=e674]: +1.490%
            - group "4 of 8" [ref=e675]:
              - button "Ethereum/USD 2135.91 +1.48%" [ref=e676] [cursor=pointer]:
                - generic [ref=e677]:
                  - generic [ref=e678]: Ethereum/USD
                  - generic [ref=e679]:
                    - generic [ref=e680]: "2135.91"
                    - generic [ref=e681]: +1.48%
            - group [ref=e682]:
              - button [ref=e683] [cursor=pointer]:
                - generic [ref=e684]:
                  - generic [ref=e685]: Crude Oil Spot
                  - generic [ref=e686]:
                    - generic [ref=e687]: "96.257"
                    - generic [ref=e688]: "-2.170%"
            - group [ref=e689]:
              - button [ref=e690] [cursor=pointer]:
                - generic [ref=e691]:
                  - generic [ref=e692]: US Tech 100
                  - generic [ref=e693]:
                    - generic [ref=e694]: "24136.1"
                    - generic [ref=e695]: +1.8%
            - group [ref=e696]:
              - button [ref=e697] [cursor=pointer]:
                - generic [ref=e698]:
                  - generic [ref=e699]: US Wall Street 30
                  - generic [ref=e700]:
                    - generic [ref=e701]: "46792.9"
                    - generic [ref=e702]: +1.0%
            - group [ref=e703]:
              - link [ref=e704] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: /en-au/markets
                - generic [ref=e705]: Browse all markets
          - button "Next slide" [ref=e706] [cursor=pointer]
        - generic [ref=e708]:
          - generic [ref=e709]:
            - generic [ref=e710]:
              - link "Gold" [ref=e711] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: /en-au/markets/commodities/gold-spot-commodity
                - heading "Gold" [level=3] [ref=e712]
              - generic [ref=e713]:
                - generic [ref=e714]:
                  - link "Sell 4786.56" [ref=e715] [cursor=pointer]:
                    - /url: /instrument?id=27045129890124996
                    - text: Sell
                    - paragraph [ref=e716]: "4786.56"
                  - link "Buy 4787.06" [ref=e717] [cursor=pointer]:
                    - /url: /instrument?id=27045129890124996
                    - text: Buy
                    - paragraph [ref=e718]: "4787.06"
                  - generic [ref=e719]: "0.50"
                - generic [ref=e720]:
                  - generic [ref=e721]: "Low: 4496.16"
                  - generic [ref=e722]: "High: 4787.49"
                - table [ref=e724]
                - generic [ref=e725]:
                  - generic [ref=e726]:
                    - generic [ref=e727]: Sellers
                    - generic [ref=e728]: 26.83%
                  - generic [ref=e729]:
                    - generic [ref=e730]: Buyers
                    - generic [ref=e731]: 73.17%
            - link "Browse all markets" [ref=e733] [cursor=pointer]:
              - /url: /en-au/markets
              - generic [ref=e734]: Browse all markets
          - generic [ref=e735]:
            - generic [ref=e736]:
              - generic [ref=e737]:
                - button "1d" [ref=e738]
                - button "1h" [ref=e739] [cursor=pointer]
                - button "4h" [ref=e740] [cursor=pointer]
                - button "1m" [ref=e741] [cursor=pointer]
                - button "5m" [ref=e742] [cursor=pointer]
                - button "15m" [ref=e743] [cursor=pointer]
                - button "30m" [ref=e744] [cursor=pointer]
                - button "1w" [ref=e745] [cursor=pointer]
              - generic [ref=e746]: Gold Spot
              - img [ref=e748]
            - strong [ref=e750]: Past performance is not a reliable indicator of future results
    - generic [ref=e753]:
      - generic [ref=e754]:
        - heading "For learner traders" [level=2] [ref=e755]
        - paragraph [ref=e757]: Start your CFD trading journey with Capital.com
      - generic [ref=e758]:
        - generic [ref=e759]:
          - generic [ref=e760]:
            - heading "User-friendly demo" [level=3] [ref=e761]
            - paragraph [ref=e763]: Build your trading experience with ease, risk-free.
            - button "Try demo" [ref=e765] [cursor=pointer]:
              - generic [ref=e766]: Try demo
          - img "phone" [ref=e768]
        - generic [ref=e769]:
          - generic [ref=e770]:
            - heading "In-depth education" [level=3] [ref=e771]
            - paragraph [ref=e773]: Learn key concepts via accessible courses, webinars, quizzes and videos.
            - link "Learn more" [ref=e775] [cursor=pointer]:
              - /url: en-au/learn
              - generic [ref=e776]: Learn more
          - img "phone" [ref=e778]
        - generic [ref=e780]:
          - heading "Dedicated help, 24/7" [level=3] [ref=e781]
          - paragraph [ref=e783]: Enjoy knowledgeable and friendly support, around the clock.
        - generic [ref=e785]:
          - heading "Flexible position sizing" [level=3] [ref=e786]
          - paragraph [ref=e788]: Stay comfortable with your exposure and trade CFDs using flexible sizings.
        - generic [ref=e790]:
          - heading "Risk-management tools" [level=3] [ref=e791]
          - paragraph [ref=e793]:
            - text: Use stop-losses
            - superscript [ref=e794]: "1"
            - text: to limit your downside when the market goes against you.
      - button "Sign up" [ref=e796] [cursor=pointer]
    - generic [ref=e799]:
      - generic [ref=e800]:
        - heading "Ready to join a leading broker?" [level=2] [ref=e801]
        - generic [ref=e802]: Join our community of traders worldwide
      - generic [ref=e803]:
        - button [ref=e805] [cursor=pointer]
        - generic [ref=e808]: 1. Create your account
        - generic [ref=e809]: 2. Make your first deposit
        - generic [ref=e810]: 3. Start trading CFDs
    - paragraph [ref=e813]:
      - superscript [ref=e814]: "1"
      - text: Stop-losses may not be guaranteed.
  - contentinfo [ref=e816]:
    - generic [ref=e817]:
      - link [ref=e818] [cursor=pointer]:
        - /url: /en-au
        - img [ref=e819]
      - generic [ref=e827]:
        - link [ref=e828] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: https://www.facebook.com/capitalcomau/
        - link [ref=e829] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: https://twitter.com/Capitalcomau
        - link [ref=e830] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: https://www.linkedin.com/company/capital.com
        - link [ref=e831] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: https://www.instagram.com/capitalcomau/
        - link [ref=e832] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: https://www.youtube.com/@capital.com.australia5770
      - generic [ref=e833]:
        - link [ref=e834] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: https://app.appsflyer.com/id1230088754?cp_device_id=fc9eb5eb-486a-4192-886f-91d043c89a47&af_js_web=true&af_ss_ver=2_9_0&pid=organic_web&af_ss_ui=true
        - link [ref=e835] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: https://app.appsflyer.com/com.capital.trading?cp_device_id=fc9eb5eb-486a-4192-886f-91d043c89a47&af_js_web=true&af_ss_ver=2_9_0&pid=organic_web&af_ss_ui=true
        - link [ref=e836] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: https://app.appsflyer.com/com.capital.trading.huawei-huawei?cp_device_id=fc9eb5eb-486a-4192-886f-91d043c89a47&af_js_web=true&af_ss_ver=2_9_0&pid=organic_web&af_ss_ui=true
    - generic [ref=e837]:
      - generic [ref=e838]:
        - generic [ref=e839]:
          - generic [ref=e840]:
            - generic [ref=e841]: "Country / Region:"
            - button "Australia" [ref=e842] [cursor=pointer]: Australia
          - generic [ref=e844]: •
          - generic [ref=e845]:
            - generic [ref=e846]: "Language:"
            - button "English" [ref=e847] [cursor=pointer]
        - generic [ref=e848]:
          - generic [ref=e849]: "Also you can contact us:"
          - link "+61 3 8658 0539" [ref=e852] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: tel:+61 3 8658 0539
          - generic [ref=e853]: •
          - link "support.au@capital.com" [ref=e855] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: mailto:support.au@capital.com
      - generic [ref=e856]:
        - generic [ref=e857]:
          - link "Trading" [ref=e859] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: /en-au/ways-to-trade
            - strong [ref=e860]: Trading
          - generic [ref=e861]:
            - generic [ref=e862]:
              - generic [ref=e863]: Ways to trade
              - generic [ref=e864]:
                - link "CFD trading" [ref=e866] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-au/ways-to-trade/cfd-trading
                - link "Premium services" [ref=e868] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-au/ways-to-trade/premium-services
            - generic [ref=e869]:
              - generic [ref=e870]: Trading platforms
              - generic [ref=e871]:
                - link "All platforms" [ref=e873] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-au/trading-platforms
                - link "Web platform" [ref=e875] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-au/trading-platforms/web-platform
                - link "Mobile apps" [ref=e877] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-au/trading-platforms/mobile-apps
                - link "TradingView" [ref=e879] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-au/trading-platforms/trading-view
                - link "MT4" [ref=e881] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-au/trading-platforms/mt4
                - link "MT5" [ref=e883] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-au/trading-platforms/mt5
                - link "API documentation" [ref=e885] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-au/trading-platforms/api-development-guide
            - generic [ref=e886]:
              - generic [ref=e887]: Trading info
              - generic [ref=e888]:
                - link "Margin calls" [ref=e890] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-au/ways-to-trade/margin-calls
                - link "Fraud prevention" [ref=e892] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-au/ways-to-trade/fraud-awareness
                - link "How withdrawals work" [ref=e894] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-au/ways-to-trade/how-withdrawals-work
            - generic [ref=e895]:
              - generic [ref=e896]: Trading tools
              - generic [ref=e897]:
                - link "CFD calculator" [ref=e899] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-au/ways-to-trade/cfd-trading/cfd-calculator
                - link "Demo trading" [ref=e901] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-au/trading-platforms/demo-account
        - generic [ref=e902]:
          - link "Markets" [ref=e904] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: /en-au/markets
            - strong [ref=e905]: Markets
          - generic [ref=e906]:
            - generic [ref=e907]:
              - generic [ref=e908]: Our CFD markets
              - generic [ref=e909]:
                - link "Shares" [ref=e911] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-au/markets/shares
                - link "Forex" [ref=e913] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-au/markets/forex
                - link "Indices" [ref=e915] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-au/markets/indices
                - link "Commodities" [ref=e917] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-au/markets/commodities
                - link "Cryptocurrencies" [ref=e919] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-au/markets/cryptocurrencies
            - generic [ref=e920]:
              - generic [ref=e921]: Market updates
              - link "Market analysis" [ref=e924] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: /en-au/analysis
            - link "All markets & instruments" [ref=e926] [cursor=pointer]:
              - /url: /en-au/markets-and-instruments-sitemap
        - generic [ref=e927]:
          - link "Learn" [ref=e929] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: /en-au/learn
            - strong [ref=e930]: Learn
          - generic [ref=e931]:
            - generic [ref=e932]:
              - generic [ref=e933]: Trading basics
              - generic [ref=e934]:
                - link "Trading essentials" [ref=e936] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-au/learn/essentials
                - link "Risk management" [ref=e938] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-au/learn/risk-management
                - link "Market guides" [ref=e940] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-au/learn/market-guides
                - link "Demo trading" [ref=e942] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-au/trading-platforms/demo-account
                - link "Stock course" [ref=e944] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-au/learn/stock-course
                - link "Indices course" [ref=e946] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-au/learn/indices-course
                - link "Crypto course" [ref=e948] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-au/learn/crypto-course
                - link "Commodity course" [ref=e950] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-au/learn/commodity-course
                - link "Forex course" [ref=e952] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-au/learn/forex-course
                - link "Glossary" [ref=e954] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-au/learn/glossary
            - generic [ref=e955]:
              - generic [ref=e956]: For experienced traders
              - generic [ref=e957]:
                - link "Trading strategies" [ref=e959] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-au/learn/trading-strategies
                - link "Technical analysis" [ref=e961] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-au/learn/technical-analysis
                - link "Market analysis" [ref=e963] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-au/analysis
                - link "Trading psychology" [ref=e965] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-au/learn/trading-psychology
                - link "IPO trading" [ref=e967] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-au/learn/ipo
        - generic [ref=e968]:
          - link "Pricing" [ref=e970] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: /en-au/ways-to-trade/fees-and-charges
            - strong [ref=e971]: Pricing
          - generic [ref=e973]:
            - generic [ref=e974]: Pricing
            - generic [ref=e975]:
              - link "Charges and fees" [ref=e977] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: /en-au/ways-to-trade/fees-and-charges
              - link "Our business model" [ref=e979] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: /en-au/about-us/how-capital-makes-money
              - link "Capital.com's pricing" [ref=e981] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: /en-au/ways-to-trade/pricing
              - link "Markets pricing" [ref=e983] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: /en-au/about-us/how-our-markets-are-priced
        - generic [ref=e984]:
          - link "About" [ref=e986] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: /en-au/about-us
            - strong [ref=e987]: About
          - generic [ref=e988]:
            - generic [ref=e989]:
              - generic [ref=e990]: About us
              - generic [ref=e991]:
                - link "Leadership team" [ref=e993] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-au/about-us/our-leadership
                - link "Why Capital.com?" [ref=e995] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-au/why-capital
                - link "Is Capital.com safe?" [ref=e997] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-au/security-measures
                - link "Our history" [ref=e999] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-au/about-us/our-history
                - link "Our offices" [ref=e1001] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-au/about-us/our-offices
                - link "Client funds" [ref=e1003] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-au/about-us/what-capital-does-with-your-money
                - link "Contact us" [ref=e1005] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-au/contact-us
                - link "Investor relations" [ref=e1007] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-au/about-us/investor-relations
                - link "Press releases" [ref=e1009] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-au/media-centre
                - link "Viktor Prokopenya" [ref=e1011] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-au/about-us/viktor-prokopenya
            - generic [ref=e1012]:
              - generic [ref=e1013]: Get help
              - generic [ref=e1014]:
                - link "Help" [ref=e1016] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-au/help
                - link "Client vulnerability" [ref=e1018] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-au/help/client-vulnerability
                - link "Complaints" [ref=e1020] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-au/help/complaints
                - link "Terms and policies" [ref=e1022] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-au/terms-and-policies
            - generic [ref=e1023]:
              - generic [ref=e1024]: Work for us
              - link "Careers" [ref=e1027] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: /en-au/about-us/careers
    - generic [ref=e1029]:
      - paragraph [ref=e1030]:
        - text: CFDs are complex leveraged instruments and come with a high risk of losing money. These products are not suitable for everyone and you should therefore consider your objectives, financial situation, needs and experience with these products before investing in them. Our
        - link "Product Disclosure Statement" [ref=e1031] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: https://capital.com/product-disclosure-statement-asic
        - text: (PDS) and
        - link "Target Market Determination" [ref=e1032] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: https://capital.com/target-market-determination-asic
        - text: provides important information about our products and who our products are more likely to be suited to. Capital.com does not provide financial or investment advice and you should seek independent advice if you are unsure of the risks or whether our products are suitable for you.
      - paragraph [ref=e1033]
      - paragraph [ref=e1034]: Capital Com Australia Pty Ltd (ABN 47 625 601 489) is a company registered in Australia and regulated by the Australian Securities and Investments Commission (ASIC) under AFSL 513393.
    - generic [ref=e1035]:
      - paragraph [ref=e1036]: © 2026 Capital Com Australia Pty Ltd
      - generic [ref=e1037]:
        - link "Sitemap" [ref=e1038] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: /en-au/sitemap
        - link "Cookie Settings" [ref=e1039] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: ""
        - link "Clients Funds" [ref=e1040] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: /en-au/about-us/what-capital-does-with-your-money
        - link "Terms and Policies" [ref=e1041] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: /en-au/terms-and-policies
        - link "Complaints Procedure CCAU" [ref=e1042] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: /en-au/help/complaints
  - generic [ref=e1045]:
    - generic [ref=e1046]:
      - heading "Hey, looks like you’re in United States of America" [level=3] [ref=e1048]
      - paragraph [ref=e1049]: The products and services listed on this website are not available in United States of America.
    - button "Stay here" [ref=e1051] [cursor=pointer]
  - generic:
    - generic:
      - region "Cookie banner" [ref=e1053]:
        - alertdialog "Privacy Preference Center" [ref=e1054]:
          - generic [ref=e1055]:
            - generic [ref=e1056]:
              - generic:
                - paragraph [ref=e1057]: Privacy Preference Center
                - generic [ref=e1058]:
                  - paragraph [ref=e1059]: When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and we use it to enhance your browsing experience, serve personalised ads or content, and analyse our traffic.
                  - paragraph [ref=e1060]: Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings.
                  - text: However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. To find out more please read our
                  - link "More information about your privacy, opens in a new tab" [ref=e1061] [cursor=pointer]:
                    - /url: https://capital.com/cookies-policy-asic
                    - text: Cookie Policy
            - generic [ref=e1063]:
              - generic [ref=e1064]:
                - button "Reject All" [ref=e1065] [cursor=pointer]
                - button "Accept All Cookies" [ref=e1066] [cursor=pointer]
              - button "Cookie settings" [ref=e1067] [cursor=pointer]
      - text: Cookie settings
  - button [ref=e1068] [cursor=pointer]
  - alert [ref=e1070]
```