# Page snapshot

```yaml
- generic [active] [ref=e1]:
  - banner [ref=e2]:
    - button "Spread bets and CFDs are complex instruments and come with a high risk of losing money rapidly due to leverage. 62% of retail investor accounts lose money when trading spread bets and CFDs with this provider. You should consider whether you understand how spread bets and CFDs work and whether you can afford to take the high risk of losing your money." [ref=e3]:
      - generic [ref=e6]:
        - text: Spread bets and CFDs are complex instruments and come with a high risk of losing money rapidly due to leverage.
        - strong [ref=e7]: 62% of retail investor accounts lose money when trading spread bets and CFDs with this provider
        - text: . You should consider whether you understand how spread bets and CFDs work and whether you can afford to take the high risk of losing your money.
    - generic [ref=e11]:
      - generic [ref=e12]:
        - link "PERSONAL" [ref=e13] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: /en-gb
        - link "PROFESSIONAL" [ref=e14] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: /en-gb/professional
        - link "PARTNERS" [ref=e15] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: /en-gb/partnerships
      - generic [ref=e16]:
        - link "SUPPORT" [ref=e17] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: /en-gb/help
        - button "en" [ref=e19] [cursor=pointer]:
          - strong [ref=e21]: en
    - generic [ref=e22]:
      - link [ref=e23] [cursor=pointer]:
        - /url: /en-gb
        - img [ref=e24]
      - generic [ref=e33]:
        - button [ref=e35] [cursor=pointer]:
          - generic:
            - textbox "global-search":
              - /placeholder: Search
        - generic [ref=e36]:
          - generic [ref=e37]:
            - link "Trading" [ref=e40] [cursor=pointer]:
              - /url: /en-gb/ways-to-trade
            - generic [ref=e42]:
              - link "Trading" [ref=e44] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: /en-gb/ways-to-trade
                - generic [ref=e46]: Trading
              - generic [ref=e47]:
                - generic [ref=e48]:
                  - strong [ref=e50]: Ways to trade
                  - generic [ref=e51]:
                    - link "CFD trading" [ref=e53] [cursor=pointer]:
                      - /url: /en-gb/ways-to-trade/cfd-trading
                    - link "Spread betting" [ref=e55] [cursor=pointer]:
                      - /url: /en-gb/ways-to-trade/spread-betting
                    - link "1X" [ref=e57] [cursor=pointer]:
                      - /url: /en-gb/ways-to-trade/1x
                - generic [ref=e58]:
                  - strong [ref=e60]: Trading platforms
                  - generic [ref=e61]:
                    - link "Web platform" [ref=e63] [cursor=pointer]:
                      - /url: /en-gb/trading-platforms/web-platform
                    - link "Mobile apps" [ref=e65] [cursor=pointer]:
                      - /url: /en-gb/trading-platforms/mobile-apps
                    - link "TradingView" [ref=e67] [cursor=pointer]:
                      - /url: /en-gb/trading-platforms/trading-view
                    - link "MT4" [ref=e69] [cursor=pointer]:
                      - /url: /en-gb/trading-platforms/mt4
                    - link "API documentation" [ref=e71] [cursor=pointer]:
                      - /url: /en-gb/trading-platforms/api-development-guide
                - generic [ref=e72]:
                  - strong [ref=e74]: Trading info
                  - generic [ref=e75]:
                    - link "Margin calls" [ref=e77] [cursor=pointer]:
                      - /url: /en-gb/ways-to-trade/margin-calls
                    - link "Fraud prevention" [ref=e79] [cursor=pointer]:
                      - /url: /en-gb/ways-to-trade/fraud-awareness
                    - link "How withdrawals work" [ref=e81] [cursor=pointer]:
                      - /url: /en-gb/ways-to-trade/how-withdrawals-work
                    - link "24/5 index CFD trading" [ref=e83] [cursor=pointer]:
                      - /url: /en-gb/ways-to-trade/24h-trading
                    - link "Market abuse" [ref=e85] [cursor=pointer]:
                      - /url: /en-gb/ways-to-trade/market-abuse
                - generic [ref=e86]:
                  - strong [ref=e88]: Trading tools
                  - generic [ref=e89]:
                    - link "Demo trading" [ref=e91] [cursor=pointer]:
                      - /url: /en-gb/trading-platforms/demo-account
                    - link "CFD calculator" [ref=e93] [cursor=pointer]:
                      - /url: /en-gb/ways-to-trade/cfd-trading/cfd-calculator
          - generic [ref=e94]:
            - link "Markets" [ref=e97] [cursor=pointer]:
              - /url: /en-gb/markets
            - generic:
              - generic:
                - generic:
                  - link "Markets":
                    - /url: /en-gb/markets
                    - generic:
                      - generic: Markets
                - generic:
                  - generic:
                    - generic:
                      - strong: Our markets
                  - generic:
                    - generic:
                      - strong: Market updates
          - generic [ref=e98]:
            - link "Pricing" [ref=e101] [cursor=pointer]:
              - /url: /en-gb/ways-to-trade/fees-and-charges
            - generic:
              - generic:
                - generic:
                  - link "Pricing":
                    - /url: /en-gb/ways-to-trade/fees-and-charges
                    - generic:
                      - generic: Pricing
                - generic:
                  - generic:
                    - generic:
                      - strong: Pricing
          - generic [ref=e102]:
            - link "Learn" [ref=e105] [cursor=pointer]:
              - /url: /en-gb/learn
            - generic:
              - generic:
                - generic:
                  - link "Learn":
                    - /url: /en-gb/learn
                    - generic:
                      - generic: Learn
                - generic:
                  - generic:
                    - generic:
                      - strong: For trading beginners
                  - generic:
                    - generic:
                      - strong: For experienced traders
          - generic [ref=e106]:
            - link "About" [ref=e109] [cursor=pointer]:
              - /url: /en-gb/about-us
            - generic:
              - generic:
                - generic:
                  - link "About":
                    - /url: /en-gb/about-us
                    - generic:
                      - generic: About
                - generic:
                  - generic:
                    - generic:
                      - strong: About us
                  - generic:
                    - generic:
                      - strong: Get help
                  - generic:
                    - generic:
                      - strong: Work for us
      - generic [ref=e110]:
        - generic [ref=e111]:
          - button "Log In" [ref=e112] [cursor=pointer]
          - button "Sign Up" [ref=e113] [cursor=pointer]
        - link "Open platform user":
          - /url: /trading/platform/
          - text: Open platform
          - img "user"
  - generic [ref=e115]:
    - generic [ref=e117]:
      - generic [ref=e121]:
        - heading "Award-winning platform for UK traders" [level=1] [ref=e122]
        - paragraph [ref=e124]: Trade the markets you want with Capital.com – voted Best Overall Trading Platform, Online Money Awards 2024.
        - generic [ref=e125]:
          - button "Sign up" [ref=e126] [cursor=pointer]
          - button "Try demo" [ref=e127] [cursor=pointer]
      - paragraph [ref=e128]: Authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA)
    - generic [ref=e130]:
      - link "4.8" [ref=e131] [cursor=pointer]:
        - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
        - strong [ref=e134]: "4.8"
      - link "Ratings and Reviews 4.7" [ref=e137] [cursor=pointer]:
        - /url: https://app.appsflyer.com/id1230088754?cp_device_id=5c41b45d-2814-4988-9712-9f6ca550cd1f&af_js_web=true&af_ss_ver=2_9_0&pid=organic_web&af_ss_ui=true
        - strong [ref=e139]: Ratings and Reviews
        - strong [ref=e141]: "4.7"
      - link "Ratings and Reviews 4.6" [ref=e144] [cursor=pointer]:
        - /url: https://app.appsflyer.com/com.capital.trading?cp_device_id=5c41b45d-2814-4988-9712-9f6ca550cd1f&af_js_web=true&af_ss_ver=2_9_0&pid=organic_web&af_ss_ui=true
        - strong [ref=e146]: Ratings and Reviews
        - strong [ref=e148]: "4.6"
      - link "4.6" [ref=e151] [cursor=pointer]:
        - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
        - strong [ref=e154]: "4.6"
    - generic [ref=e158]:
      - heading "Why choose Capital.com?" [level=2] [ref=e160]
      - generic [ref=e161]:
        - generic [ref=e164]:
          - heading "Award-winningly easy to use" [level=3] [ref=e165]
          - generic [ref=e166]: Trade the world’s markets on the Best Overall Trading Platform (Online Money Awards 2024) and Best Trading App 2023 (Good Money Guide).
          - link "Find out what’s great about our platforms" [ref=e167] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: /en-gb/trading-platforms
            - generic [ref=e168]: Find out what’s great about our platforms
        - generic [ref=e171]:
          - heading "Your markets, your leverage" [level=3] [ref=e172]
          - generic [ref=e173]: Trade CFDs and spread bet on Germany 40, crude oil, natural gas, shares and thousands more, choosing the leverage that suits you.
          - link "Discover what you can trade" [ref=e174] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: /en-gb/markets
            - generic [ref=e175]: Discover what you can trade
        - generic [ref=e178]:
          - heading "A trusted global broker" [level=3] [ref=e179]
          - generic [ref=e180]: Join 798,000 + traders around the world with us as their broker. Our customers love us so much, they’ve traded over $1tn in volume with us.
          - link "Find out more about us" [ref=e181] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: /en-gb/about-us
            - generic [ref=e182]: Find out more about us
        - generic [ref=e185]:
          - heading "Everything you need to trade" [level=3] [ref=e186]
          - generic [ref=e187]: Compare multiple markets on fast charts. More indicators than you can shake a (candle)stick at. In-platform tradable news. TradingView and MT4. We’d go on, but we’re running out of room!
          - link "More ways we help you trade" [ref=e188] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: /en-gb/trading-platforms
            - generic [ref=e189]: More ways we help you trade
        - generic [ref=e192]:
          - heading "Clear, competitive fees" [level=3] [ref=e193]
          - generic [ref=e194]: Trade spreads from 2pts on US30 and 1pt on Germany 40. 0% commission, always – check the other fees that apply with our clear fee structure.
          - link "Check our fees" [ref=e195] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: /en-gb/ways-to-trade/fees-and-charges
            - generic [ref=e196]: Check our fees
        - generic [ref=e199]:
          - heading "Friendly UK support team" [level=3] [ref=e200]
          - generic [ref=e201]: The markets don’t sleep, so we’ve made sure you can get help whenever you need it. Our expert team is on hand in English 24/7.
          - link "Get in touch" [ref=e202] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: /en-gb/contact-us
            - generic [ref=e203]: Get in touch
      - button "Sign up" [ref=e205] [cursor=pointer]
    - generic [ref=e206]:
      - generic [ref=e208]:
        - heading "Read our reviews to find out more about us" [level=2] [ref=e209]
        - generic [ref=e210]: Read the feedback from our clients around the world.
      - generic [ref=e211]:
        - region [ref=e212]:
          - generic [ref=e214]:
            - group [ref=e215]:
              - link [ref=e216] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                - generic [ref=e219]: 2025-07-01
                - strong [ref=e220]: Victor Flemming Nandwa Søder
                - paragraph [ref=e222]: Great customer service I got to say that. They helped get my account back very fast, after i logged myself out by losing my old email, it was so fast you wouldn’t believe it thank you once again.
            - group [ref=e224]:
              - link [ref=e225] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                - generic [ref=e228]: 2025-07-01
                - strong [ref=e229]: Perry Reineke
                - paragraph [ref=e231]: I'm learning the basics of stock investing. This platform is clear and pretty good. I've been using it for over 6 months.
            - group [ref=e233]:
              - link [ref=e234] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                - generic [ref=e237]: 2025-06-30
                - strong [ref=e238]: Brigman
                - paragraph [ref=e240]: Everything worked as expected from the 1 day. I didn’t have to search how to use the platform, it’s intuitive. The support chat was there when I had a tiny issue.
            - group [ref=e242]:
              - link [ref=e243] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                - generic [ref=e246]: 2025-06-29
                - strong [ref=e247]: proinpro
                - paragraph [ref=e249]: Capital is really great to be used on start, also beginner friendly broker! Great costumer support and it is quick!
            - group [ref=e251]:
              - link [ref=e252] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                - generic [ref=e255]: 2025-06-27
                - strong [ref=e256]: Gio Gvazava
                - paragraph [ref=e258]: Capital.com has been great for both learning and trading. The app is clean, fast, and packed with useful tools. Customer support has been solid too. Definitely recommended for beginners and active traders alike.
            - group [ref=e260]:
              - link [ref=e261] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                - generic [ref=e264]: 2025-06-22
                - strong [ref=e265]: Jean A.
                - paragraph [ref=e267]: The app is built to make options and figures easy to understand, great for beginners and intermediate traders. Demo accounts are simple to set up. 100:1 leverage is available.
            - group [ref=e269]:
              - link [ref=e270] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                - generic [ref=e273]: 2025-06-22
                - strong [ref=e274]: Douglas
                - paragraph [ref=e276]: Deposits and withdrawals work without issues. Very low spreads. No noticeable fees. Easy to follow.
            - group [ref=e278]:
              - link [ref=e279] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
                - generic [ref=e282]: 2025-06-19
                - strong [ref=e283]: dgogidze7
                - paragraph [ref=e285]: I would like to express a huge thank you to Evgeniya Logvinovich, customer service manager. For your attention and heartfelt attitude to your clients.❤️
            - group [ref=e287]:
              - link [ref=e288] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
                - generic [ref=e291]: 2025-06-19
                - strong [ref=e292]: foobarbeer
                - paragraph [ref=e294]: I am extremely happy with this broker. Great spreads, good selection of instruments, well coded toolbox.
            - group [ref=e296]:
              - link [ref=e297] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                - generic [ref=e300]: 2025-04-16
                - strong [ref=e301]: LUCAS ONWUCHEKWA
                - paragraph [ref=e303]: This site is always active and accessible 24hrs, every day
            - group [ref=e305]:
              - link [ref=e306] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
                - generic [ref=e309]: 2025-05-29
                - strong [ref=e310]: Casaubon70
                - paragraph [ref=e312]: Love the TV integration. Makes traders life smooth and comfortable.
            - group [ref=e314]:
              - link [ref=e315] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
                - generic [ref=e318]: 2025-05-24
                - strong [ref=e319]: Radioilluminati
                - paragraph [ref=e321]: I trade every day and Capital is my beloved home. I also create music and you can always feel when something has been created from the heart. Capital has soul!
            - group [ref=e323]:
              - link [ref=e324] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
                - generic [ref=e327]: 2025-05-20
                - strong [ref=e328]: GemzT
                - paragraph [ref=e330]: I’d been paper trading for 2yrs now, went live and this platform is easy for beginners to understand and navigate all important tools to execute all that I learned. Earning now!
            - group [ref=e332]:
              - link [ref=e333] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                - generic [ref=e336]: 2025-06-17
                - strong [ref=e337]: BINSAYYAR
                - paragraph [ref=e339]: Secure and responsive
            - group [ref=e341]:
              - link [ref=e342] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://app.appsflyer.com/com.capital.trading
                - generic [ref=e345]: 2025-05-06
                - strong [ref=e346]: Mahran Rahim Bakhsh Rasool Bakhsh Al Balushi
                - paragraph [ref=e348]: It's a great app, and it's safe to practice with the demo. Then, when you're ready for the real thing, I'd suggest installing it.
            - group [ref=e350]:
              - link [ref=e351] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://app.appsflyer.com/com.capital.trading
                - generic [ref=e354]: 2025-04-29
                - strong [ref=e355]: dmjnoor
                - paragraph [ref=e357]: This application is perfect.. simple, easy to use, run smoothly and fast and it has an accurate graphics.. be careful to use only one credit card and one bank account to prevent any withdrawal problem.. overnight fees and spread variation will be repaid for you by the next month.. I used many application but this is the best one
            - group [ref=e359]:
              - link [ref=e360] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://app.appsflyer.com/com.capital.trading
                - generic [ref=e363]: 2025-03-24
                - strong [ref=e364]: Debbie P
                - paragraph [ref=e366]: The best trading company I've found so far and so easy to use.
            - group [ref=e368]:
              - link [ref=e369] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                - generic [ref=e372]: 2025-11-07
                - strong [ref=e373]: Neill
                - paragraph [ref=e375]: Your platform always works and is extremely reliable and now that you have added Alarms to the to the Desktop version, I am very happy
            - group [ref=e377]:
              - link [ref=e378] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                - generic [ref=e381]: 2025-02-06
                - strong [ref=e382]: Nouman Butt
                - paragraph [ref=e384]: User friendly app & interface and good support team. Funds transfer ease & Leverage is an advantage but crypto is highly risky be responsible of your loss limits and risks appetite.
            - group [ref=e386]:
              - link [ref=e387] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                - generic [ref=e390]: 2025-01-30
                - strong [ref=e391]: Claus-Bernhard Schuetze
                - paragraph [ref=e393]: Awesome trading platform On both desktop and mobile and u can start with low budget as the contracts can be adjusted and when u have confidence u can start full trading - being integrated in tradingview is absolutely awesome as well
            - group [ref=e395]:
              - link [ref=e396] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                - generic [ref=e399]: 2025-04-18
                - strong [ref=e400]: ROBERT AMBANI
                - paragraph [ref=e402]: Great platform. Fast deposit and withdrawals
            - group [ref=e404]:
              - link [ref=e405] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                - generic [ref=e408]: 2025-08-29
                - strong [ref=e409]: ERROL CLIVE
                - paragraph [ref=e411]: Capital.com software is very easy to use and is very informative.
            - group "1 of 22" [ref=e413]:
              - link "2025-07-01 Victor Flemming Nandwa Søder Great customer service I got to say that. They helped get my account back very fast, after i logged myself out by losing my old email, it was so fast you wouldn’t believe it thank you once again." [ref=e414] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                - generic [ref=e417]: 2025-07-01
                - strong [ref=e418]: Victor Flemming Nandwa Søder
                - paragraph [ref=e420]: Great customer service I got to say that. They helped get my account back very fast, after i logged myself out by losing my old email, it was so fast you wouldn’t believe it thank you once again.
            - group "2 of 22" [ref=e422]:
              - link "2025-07-01 Perry Reineke I'm learning the basics of stock investing. This platform is clear and pretty good. I've been using it for over 6 months." [ref=e423] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                - generic [ref=e426]: 2025-07-01
                - strong [ref=e427]: Perry Reineke
                - paragraph [ref=e429]: I'm learning the basics of stock investing. This platform is clear and pretty good. I've been using it for over 6 months.
            - group "3 of 22" [ref=e431]:
              - link "2025-06-30 Brigman Everything worked as expected from the 1 day. I didn’t have to search how to use the platform, it’s intuitive. The support chat was there when I had a tiny issue." [ref=e432] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                - generic [ref=e435]: 2025-06-30
                - strong [ref=e436]: Brigman
                - paragraph [ref=e438]: Everything worked as expected from the 1 day. I didn’t have to search how to use the platform, it’s intuitive. The support chat was there when I had a tiny issue.
            - group [ref=e440]:
              - link [ref=e441] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                - generic [ref=e444]: 2025-06-29
                - strong [ref=e445]: proinpro
                - paragraph [ref=e447]: Capital is really great to be used on start, also beginner friendly broker! Great costumer support and it is quick!
            - group [ref=e449]:
              - link [ref=e450] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                - generic [ref=e453]: 2025-06-27
                - strong [ref=e454]: Gio Gvazava
                - paragraph [ref=e456]: Capital.com has been great for both learning and trading. The app is clean, fast, and packed with useful tools. Customer support has been solid too. Definitely recommended for beginners and active traders alike.
            - group [ref=e458]:
              - link [ref=e459] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                - generic [ref=e462]: 2025-06-22
                - strong [ref=e463]: Jean A.
                - paragraph [ref=e465]: The app is built to make options and figures easy to understand, great for beginners and intermediate traders. Demo accounts are simple to set up. 100:1 leverage is available.
            - group [ref=e467]:
              - link [ref=e468] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                - generic [ref=e471]: 2025-06-22
                - strong [ref=e472]: Douglas
                - paragraph [ref=e474]: Deposits and withdrawals work without issues. Very low spreads. No noticeable fees. Easy to follow.
            - group [ref=e476]:
              - link [ref=e477] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
                - generic [ref=e480]: 2025-06-19
                - strong [ref=e481]: dgogidze7
                - paragraph [ref=e483]: I would like to express a huge thank you to Evgeniya Logvinovich, customer service manager. For your attention and heartfelt attitude to your clients.❤️
            - group [ref=e485]:
              - link [ref=e486] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
                - generic [ref=e489]: 2025-06-19
                - strong [ref=e490]: foobarbeer
                - paragraph [ref=e492]: I am extremely happy with this broker. Great spreads, good selection of instruments, well coded toolbox.
            - group [ref=e494]:
              - link [ref=e495] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                - generic [ref=e498]: 2025-04-16
                - strong [ref=e499]: LUCAS ONWUCHEKWA
                - paragraph [ref=e501]: This site is always active and accessible 24hrs, every day
            - group [ref=e503]:
              - link [ref=e504] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
                - generic [ref=e507]: 2025-05-29
                - strong [ref=e508]: Casaubon70
                - paragraph [ref=e510]: Love the TV integration. Makes traders life smooth and comfortable.
            - group [ref=e512]:
              - link [ref=e513] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
                - generic [ref=e516]: 2025-05-24
                - strong [ref=e517]: Radioilluminati
                - paragraph [ref=e519]: I trade every day and Capital is my beloved home. I also create music and you can always feel when something has been created from the heart. Capital has soul!
            - group [ref=e521]:
              - link [ref=e522] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
                - generic [ref=e525]: 2025-05-20
                - strong [ref=e526]: GemzT
                - paragraph [ref=e528]: I’d been paper trading for 2yrs now, went live and this platform is easy for beginners to understand and navigate all important tools to execute all that I learned. Earning now!
            - group [ref=e530]:
              - link [ref=e531] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                - generic [ref=e534]: 2025-06-17
                - strong [ref=e535]: BINSAYYAR
                - paragraph [ref=e537]: Secure and responsive
            - group [ref=e539]:
              - link [ref=e540] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://app.appsflyer.com/com.capital.trading?cp_device_id=5c41b45d-2814-4988-9712-9f6ca550cd1f&af_js_web=true&af_ss_ver=2_9_0&pid=organic_web&af_ss_ui=true
                - generic [ref=e543]: 2025-05-06
                - strong [ref=e544]: Mahran Rahim Bakhsh Rasool Bakhsh Al Balushi
                - paragraph [ref=e546]: It's a great app, and it's safe to practice with the demo. Then, when you're ready for the real thing, I'd suggest installing it.
            - group [ref=e548]:
              - link [ref=e549] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://app.appsflyer.com/com.capital.trading?cp_device_id=5c41b45d-2814-4988-9712-9f6ca550cd1f&af_js_web=true&af_ss_ver=2_9_0&pid=organic_web&af_ss_ui=true
                - generic [ref=e552]: 2025-04-29
                - strong [ref=e553]: dmjnoor
                - paragraph [ref=e555]: This application is perfect.. simple, easy to use, run smoothly and fast and it has an accurate graphics.. be careful to use only one credit card and one bank account to prevent any withdrawal problem.. overnight fees and spread variation will be repaid for you by the next month.. I used many application but this is the best one
            - group [ref=e557]:
              - link [ref=e558] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://app.appsflyer.com/com.capital.trading?cp_device_id=5c41b45d-2814-4988-9712-9f6ca550cd1f&af_js_web=true&af_ss_ver=2_9_0&pid=organic_web&af_ss_ui=true
                - generic [ref=e561]: 2025-03-24
                - strong [ref=e562]: Debbie P
                - paragraph [ref=e564]: The best trading company I've found so far and so easy to use.
            - group [ref=e566]:
              - link [ref=e567] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                - generic [ref=e570]: 2025-11-07
                - strong [ref=e571]: Neill
                - paragraph [ref=e573]: Your platform always works and is extremely reliable and now that you have added Alarms to the to the Desktop version, I am very happy
            - group [ref=e575]:
              - link [ref=e576] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                - generic [ref=e579]: 2025-02-06
                - strong [ref=e580]: Nouman Butt
                - paragraph [ref=e582]: User friendly app & interface and good support team. Funds transfer ease & Leverage is an advantage but crypto is highly risky be responsible of your loss limits and risks appetite.
            - group [ref=e584]:
              - link [ref=e585] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                - generic [ref=e588]: 2025-01-30
                - strong [ref=e589]: Claus-Bernhard Schuetze
                - paragraph [ref=e591]: Awesome trading platform On both desktop and mobile and u can start with low budget as the contracts can be adjusted and when u have confidence u can start full trading - being integrated in tradingview is absolutely awesome as well
            - group [ref=e593]:
              - link [ref=e594] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                - generic [ref=e597]: 2025-04-18
                - strong [ref=e598]: ROBERT AMBANI
                - paragraph [ref=e600]: Great platform. Fast deposit and withdrawals
            - group [ref=e602]:
              - link [ref=e603] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                - generic [ref=e606]: 2025-08-29
                - strong [ref=e607]: ERROL CLIVE
                - paragraph [ref=e609]: Capital.com software is very easy to use and is very informative.
            - group [ref=e611]:
              - link [ref=e612] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                - generic [ref=e615]: 2025-07-01
                - strong [ref=e616]: Victor Flemming Nandwa Søder
                - paragraph [ref=e618]: Great customer service I got to say that. They helped get my account back very fast, after i logged myself out by losing my old email, it was so fast you wouldn’t believe it thank you once again.
            - group [ref=e620]:
              - link [ref=e621] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                - generic [ref=e624]: 2025-07-01
                - strong [ref=e625]: Perry Reineke
                - paragraph [ref=e627]: I'm learning the basics of stock investing. This platform is clear and pretty good. I've been using it for over 6 months.
            - group [ref=e629]:
              - link [ref=e630] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                - generic [ref=e633]: 2025-06-30
                - strong [ref=e634]: Brigman
                - paragraph [ref=e636]: Everything worked as expected from the 1 day. I didn’t have to search how to use the platform, it’s intuitive. The support chat was there when I had a tiny issue.
            - group [ref=e638]:
              - link [ref=e639] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                - generic [ref=e642]: 2025-06-29
                - strong [ref=e643]: proinpro
                - paragraph [ref=e645]: Capital is really great to be used on start, also beginner friendly broker! Great costumer support and it is quick!
            - group [ref=e647]:
              - link [ref=e648] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                - generic [ref=e651]: 2025-06-27
                - strong [ref=e652]: Gio Gvazava
                - paragraph [ref=e654]: Capital.com has been great for both learning and trading. The app is clean, fast, and packed with useful tools. Customer support has been solid too. Definitely recommended for beginners and active traders alike.
            - group [ref=e656]:
              - link [ref=e657] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                - generic [ref=e660]: 2025-06-22
                - strong [ref=e661]: Jean A.
                - paragraph [ref=e663]: The app is built to make options and figures easy to understand, great for beginners and intermediate traders. Demo accounts are simple to set up. 100:1 leverage is available.
            - group [ref=e665]:
              - link [ref=e666] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                - generic [ref=e669]: 2025-06-22
                - strong [ref=e670]: Douglas
                - paragraph [ref=e672]: Deposits and withdrawals work without issues. Very low spreads. No noticeable fees. Easy to follow.
            - group [ref=e674]:
              - link [ref=e675] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
                - generic [ref=e678]: 2025-06-19
                - strong [ref=e679]: dgogidze7
                - paragraph [ref=e681]: I would like to express a huge thank you to Evgeniya Logvinovich, customer service manager. For your attention and heartfelt attitude to your clients.❤️
            - group [ref=e683]:
              - link [ref=e684] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
                - generic [ref=e687]: 2025-06-19
                - strong [ref=e688]: foobarbeer
                - paragraph [ref=e690]: I am extremely happy with this broker. Great spreads, good selection of instruments, well coded toolbox.
            - group [ref=e692]:
              - link [ref=e693] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                - generic [ref=e696]: 2025-04-16
                - strong [ref=e697]: LUCAS ONWUCHEKWA
                - paragraph [ref=e699]: This site is always active and accessible 24hrs, every day
            - group [ref=e701]:
              - link [ref=e702] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
                - generic [ref=e705]: 2025-05-29
                - strong [ref=e706]: Casaubon70
                - paragraph [ref=e708]: Love the TV integration. Makes traders life smooth and comfortable.
            - group [ref=e710]:
              - link [ref=e711] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
                - generic [ref=e714]: 2025-05-24
                - strong [ref=e715]: Radioilluminati
                - paragraph [ref=e717]: I trade every day and Capital is my beloved home. I also create music and you can always feel when something has been created from the heart. Capital has soul!
            - group [ref=e719]:
              - link [ref=e720] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
                - generic [ref=e723]: 2025-05-20
                - strong [ref=e724]: GemzT
                - paragraph [ref=e726]: I’d been paper trading for 2yrs now, went live and this platform is easy for beginners to understand and navigate all important tools to execute all that I learned. Earning now!
            - group [ref=e728]:
              - link [ref=e729] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                - generic [ref=e732]: 2025-06-17
                - strong [ref=e733]: BINSAYYAR
                - paragraph [ref=e735]: Secure and responsive
            - group [ref=e737]:
              - link [ref=e738] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://app.appsflyer.com/com.capital.trading
                - generic [ref=e741]: 2025-05-06
                - strong [ref=e742]: Mahran Rahim Bakhsh Rasool Bakhsh Al Balushi
                - paragraph [ref=e744]: It's a great app, and it's safe to practice with the demo. Then, when you're ready for the real thing, I'd suggest installing it.
            - group [ref=e746]:
              - link [ref=e747] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://app.appsflyer.com/com.capital.trading
                - generic [ref=e750]: 2025-04-29
                - strong [ref=e751]: dmjnoor
                - paragraph [ref=e753]: This application is perfect.. simple, easy to use, run smoothly and fast and it has an accurate graphics.. be careful to use only one credit card and one bank account to prevent any withdrawal problem.. overnight fees and spread variation will be repaid for you by the next month.. I used many application but this is the best one
            - group [ref=e755]:
              - link [ref=e756] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://app.appsflyer.com/com.capital.trading
                - generic [ref=e759]: 2025-03-24
                - strong [ref=e760]: Debbie P
                - paragraph [ref=e762]: The best trading company I've found so far and so easy to use.
            - group [ref=e764]:
              - link [ref=e765] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                - generic [ref=e768]: 2025-11-07
                - strong [ref=e769]: Neill
                - paragraph [ref=e771]: Your platform always works and is extremely reliable and now that you have added Alarms to the to the Desktop version, I am very happy
            - group [ref=e773]:
              - link [ref=e774] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                - generic [ref=e777]: 2025-02-06
                - strong [ref=e778]: Nouman Butt
                - paragraph [ref=e780]: User friendly app & interface and good support team. Funds transfer ease & Leverage is an advantage but crypto is highly risky be responsible of your loss limits and risks appetite.
            - group [ref=e782]:
              - link [ref=e783] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                - generic [ref=e786]: 2025-01-30
                - strong [ref=e787]: Claus-Bernhard Schuetze
                - paragraph [ref=e789]: Awesome trading platform On both desktop and mobile and u can start with low budget as the contracts can be adjusted and when u have confidence u can start full trading - being integrated in tradingview is absolutely awesome as well
            - group [ref=e791]:
              - link [ref=e792] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                - generic [ref=e795]: 2025-04-18
                - strong [ref=e796]: ROBERT AMBANI
                - paragraph [ref=e798]: Great platform. Fast deposit and withdrawals
            - group [ref=e800]:
              - link [ref=e801] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                - generic [ref=e804]: 2025-08-29
                - strong [ref=e805]: ERROL CLIVE
                - paragraph [ref=e807]: Capital.com software is very easy to use and is very informative.
          - generic:
            - button "Go to last slide" [ref=e809] [cursor=pointer]
            - button "Next slide" [ref=e810] [cursor=pointer]
        - paragraph [ref=e811]: Showing our 4 & 5 star reviews.
      - generic [ref=e813]:
        - link "4.8" [ref=e814] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
          - strong [ref=e817]: "4.8"
        - link "Ratings and Reviews 4.7" [ref=e820] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: https://app.appsflyer.com/id1230088754?cp_device_id=5c41b45d-2814-4988-9712-9f6ca550cd1f&af_js_web=true&af_ss_ver=2_9_0&pid=organic_web&af_ss_ui=true
          - strong [ref=e822]: Ratings and Reviews
          - strong [ref=e824]: "4.7"
        - link "Ratings and Reviews 4.6" [ref=e827] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: https://app.appsflyer.com/com.capital.trading?cp_device_id=5c41b45d-2814-4988-9712-9f6ca550cd1f&af_js_web=true&af_ss_ver=2_9_0&pid=organic_web&af_ss_ui=true
          - strong [ref=e829]: Ratings and Reviews
          - strong [ref=e831]: "4.6"
        - link "4.6" [ref=e834] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
          - strong [ref=e837]: "4.6"
    - generic [ref=e841]:
      - generic [ref=e842]:
        - heading "For experienced traders" [level=2] [ref=e843]
        - paragraph [ref=e845]: The ideal service, tools and resources to further advance your skills.
      - generic [ref=e846]:
        - generic [ref=e848]:
          - heading "Charting tools and indicators" [level=3] [ref=e849]
          - paragraph [ref=e851]: Sharpen your analysis with an array of intuitive charts, drawing tools and 100 indicators.
        - generic [ref=e853]:
          - heading "Get flexible leverage" [level=3] [ref=e854]
          - paragraph [ref=e856]: Control larger positions with low margins on selected markets. Leverage magnifies both profits and losses. Limits may apply.
        - generic [ref=e858]:
          - heading "Round-the-clock support" [level=3] [ref=e859]
          - paragraph [ref=e861]: Our knowledgeable team is available 24/7 to assist you in 10+ languages.
        - generic [ref=e863]:
          - heading "Customisable price alerts" [level=3] [ref=e864]
          - paragraph [ref=e866]: Monitor the price movements of your favourite assets and stay on top of your strategy.
      - generic [ref=e867]:
        - img "platform" [ref=e869]
        - generic [ref=e870]:
          - heading "Rapid withdrawals" [level=2] [ref=e871]
          - paragraph [ref=e873]: 98.19% of withdrawals are processed within 24 hours, according to our internal server data from 2025.
    - generic [ref=e875]:
      - generic [ref=e876]:
        - heading "Our markets" [level=2] [ref=e877]
        - generic [ref=e878]: Stay informed with the data that matters, on 5,000+ markets. Get the latest news, trader sentiment, spreads, price action and much more.
      - generic [ref=e879]:
        - generic [ref=e882]:
          - button "All All Commodities Forex Indices Shares" [ref=e883]:
            - button "All" [ref=e884] [cursor=pointer]:
              - textbox "All" [ref=e886]
            - generic:
              - button "All"
              - button "Commodities"
              - button "Forex"
              - button "Indices"
              - button "Shares"
          - button "Most traded Sort Top fallers Most traded Top risers Most volatile" [ref=e887]:
            - button "Most traded Sort" [ref=e888] [cursor=pointer]:
              - generic [ref=e889]:
                - textbox "Sort" [ref=e890]:
                  - /placeholder: " "
                  - text: Most traded
                - generic: Sort
            - generic:
              - button "Top fallers"
              - button "Most traded"
              - button "Top risers"
              - button "Most volatile"
        - region [ref=e891]:
          - generic [ref=e892]:
            - group "1 of 8" [ref=e893]:
              - button "Germany 40 24715.2 +1.3%" [ref=e894]:
                - generic [ref=e895]:
                  - generic [ref=e896]: Germany 40
                  - generic [ref=e897]:
                    - generic [ref=e898]: "24715.2"
                    - generic [ref=e899]: +1.3%
            - group "2 of 8" [ref=e900]:
              - button "Copper 5.91996 +2.780%" [ref=e901] [cursor=pointer]:
                - generic [ref=e902]:
                  - generic [ref=e903]: Copper
                  - generic [ref=e904]:
                    - generic [ref=e905]: "5.91996"
                    - generic [ref=e906]: +2.780%
            - group "3 of 8" [ref=e907]:
              - button "US Wall Street 30 49880.1 +2.2%" [ref=e908] [cursor=pointer]:
                - generic [ref=e909]:
                  - generic [ref=e910]: US Wall Street 30
                  - generic [ref=e911]:
                    - generic [ref=e912]: "49880.1"
                    - generic [ref=e913]: +2.2%
            - group "4 of 8" [ref=e914]:
              - button "Crude Oil 64.099 +1.790%" [ref=e915] [cursor=pointer]:
                - generic [ref=e916]:
                  - generic [ref=e917]: Crude Oil
                  - generic [ref=e918]:
                    - generic [ref=e919]: "64.099"
                    - generic [ref=e920]: +1.790%
            - group [ref=e921]:
              - button [ref=e922] [cursor=pointer]:
                - generic [ref=e923]:
                  - generic [ref=e924]: US 500
                  - generic [ref=e925]:
                    - generic [ref=e926]: "6900.2"
                    - generic [ref=e927]: +2.0%
            - group [ref=e928]:
              - button [ref=e929] [cursor=pointer]:
                - generic [ref=e930]:
                  - generic [ref=e931]: UK 100
                  - generic [ref=e932]:
                    - generic [ref=e933]: "10377.9"
                    - generic [ref=e934]: +1.3%
            - group [ref=e935]:
              - button [ref=e936] [cursor=pointer]:
                - generic [ref=e937]:
                  - generic [ref=e938]: Natural Gas
                  - generic [ref=e939]:
                    - generic [ref=e940]: "3.4492"
                    - generic [ref=e941]: +0.880%
            - group [ref=e942]:
              - link [ref=e943] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: /en-gb/markets
                - generic [ref=e944]: Browse all markets
          - button "Next slide" [ref=e945] [cursor=pointer]
        - generic [ref=e947]:
          - generic [ref=e948]:
            - generic [ref=e949]:
              - link "Germany 40" [ref=e950] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: /en-gb/markets/indices/germany-40-index-1
                - heading "Germany 40" [level=3] [ref=e951]
              - generic [ref=e952]:
                - generic [ref=e953]:
                  - link "Sell 24713.7" [ref=e954] [cursor=pointer]:
                    - /url: /instrument?id=508931114652423506
                    - text: Sell
                    - paragraph [ref=e955]: "24713.7"
                  - link "Buy 24715.2" [ref=e956] [cursor=pointer]:
                    - /url: /instrument?id=508931114652423506
                    - text: Buy
                    - paragraph [ref=e957]: "24715.2"
                  - generic [ref=e958]: "1.5"
                - generic [ref=e959]:
                  - generic [ref=e960]: "Low: 24328"
                  - generic [ref=e961]: "High: 24722.1"
                - table [ref=e963]
                - generic [ref=e964]:
                  - generic [ref=e965]:
                    - generic [ref=e966]: Sellers
                    - generic [ref=e967]: 29.52%
                  - generic [ref=e968]:
                    - generic [ref=e969]: Buyers
                    - generic [ref=e970]: 70.48%
            - link "Browse all markets" [ref=e972] [cursor=pointer]:
              - /url: /en-gb/markets
              - generic [ref=e973]: Browse all markets
          - generic [ref=e974]:
            - generic [ref=e975]:
              - generic [ref=e976]:
                - button "1d" [ref=e977]
                - button "1h" [ref=e978] [cursor=pointer]
                - button "4h" [ref=e979] [cursor=pointer]
                - button "1m" [ref=e980] [cursor=pointer]
                - button "5m" [ref=e981] [cursor=pointer]
                - button "15m" [ref=e982] [cursor=pointer]
                - button "30m" [ref=e983] [cursor=pointer]
                - button "1w" [ref=e984] [cursor=pointer]
              - generic [ref=e985]: Germany 40
              - img [ref=e987]
            - strong [ref=e989]: Past performance is not a reliable indicator of future results
    - generic [ref=e992]:
      - generic [ref=e993]:
        - heading "For learner traders" [level=2] [ref=e994]
        - paragraph [ref=e996]: Start your trading journey with Capital.com.
      - generic [ref=e997]:
        - generic [ref=e998]:
          - generic [ref=e999]:
            - heading "User-friendly demo" [level=3] [ref=e1000]
            - paragraph [ref=e1002]: Build your trading experience with ease, risk-free.
            - button "Try demo" [ref=e1004] [cursor=pointer]:
              - generic [ref=e1005]: Try demo
          - img "phone" [ref=e1007]
        - generic [ref=e1008]:
          - generic [ref=e1009]:
            - heading "In-depth education" [level=3] [ref=e1010]
            - paragraph [ref=e1012]: Learn key concepts via accessible courses, webinars, quizzes and videos.
            - link "Learn more" [ref=e1014] [cursor=pointer]:
              - /url: en-gb/learn
              - generic [ref=e1015]: Learn more
          - img "phone" [ref=e1017]
        - generic [ref=e1019]:
          - heading "Dedicated help, 24/7" [level=3] [ref=e1020]
          - paragraph [ref=e1022]:
            - text: Enjoy knowledgeable and friendly
            - link "support" [ref=e1023] [cursor=pointer]:
              - /url: /en-gb/help
            - text: ", around the clock."
        - generic [ref=e1025]:
          - heading "Flexible position sizing" [level=3] [ref=e1026]
          - paragraph [ref=e1028]: Stay comfortable with your exposure and trade using flexible sizings.
        - generic [ref=e1030]:
          - heading "Risk-management tools" [level=3] [ref=e1031]
          - paragraph [ref=e1033]:
            - text: Use stop-losses
            - superscript [ref=e1034]: "2"
            - text: to limit your downside when the market goes against you.
      - button "Sign up" [ref=e1036] [cursor=pointer]
    - generic [ref=e1039]:
      - generic [ref=e1040]:
        - heading "Ready to join a leading broker?" [level=2] [ref=e1041]
        - generic [ref=e1042]: Join our community of traders worldwide
      - generic [ref=e1043]:
        - button [ref=e1045] [cursor=pointer]
        - generic [ref=e1048]: 1. Create your account
        - generic [ref=e1049]: 2. Make your first deposit
        - generic [ref=e1050]: 3. Start trading
    - paragraph [ref=e1053]:
      - superscript [ref=e1054]: "1"
      - text: Best Trading App 2023, Good Money Guide.
      - superscript [ref=e1055]: "2"
      - text: Stop-losses may not be guaranteed.
    - generic [ref=e1056]:
      - generic [ref=e1057]:
        - generic [ref=e1058]: Featured partner
        - img "Featured partner" [ref=e1060]
      - generic [ref=e1061]:
        - generic [ref=e1062]: Trusted partner
        - img "Trusted partner" [ref=e1064]
  - contentinfo [ref=e1066]:
    - generic [ref=e1067]:
      - link [ref=e1068] [cursor=pointer]:
        - /url: /en-gb
        - img [ref=e1069]
      - generic [ref=e1077]:
        - link [ref=e1078] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: https://app.appsflyer.com/id1230088754?cp_device_id=5c41b45d-2814-4988-9712-9f6ca550cd1f&af_js_web=true&af_ss_ver=2_9_0&pid=organic_web&af_ss_ui=true
        - link [ref=e1079] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: https://app.appsflyer.com/com.capital.trading?cp_device_id=5c41b45d-2814-4988-9712-9f6ca550cd1f&af_js_web=true&af_ss_ver=2_9_0&pid=organic_web&af_ss_ui=true
        - link [ref=e1080] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: https://app.appsflyer.com/com.capital.trading.huawei-huawei?cp_device_id=5c41b45d-2814-4988-9712-9f6ca550cd1f&af_js_web=true&af_ss_ver=2_9_0&pid=organic_web&af_ss_ui=true
    - generic [ref=e1081]:
      - generic [ref=e1082]:
        - generic [ref=e1083]:
          - generic [ref=e1084]:
            - generic [ref=e1085]: "Country / Region:"
            - button "United Kingdom" [ref=e1086] [cursor=pointer]: United Kingdom
          - generic [ref=e1088]: •
          - generic [ref=e1089]:
            - generic [ref=e1090]: "Language:"
            - button "English" [ref=e1091] [cursor=pointer]
        - generic [ref=e1092]:
          - generic [ref=e1093]: "Also you can contact us:"
          - generic [ref=e1095]:
            - link "+442030978888," [ref=e1096] [cursor=pointer]:
              - /url: tel:+442030978888
            - link "+442037697777" [ref=e1097] [cursor=pointer]:
              - /url: tel:+442037697777
          - generic [ref=e1098]: •
          - link "support@capital.com" [ref=e1100] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: mailto:support@capital.com
      - generic [ref=e1101]:
        - generic [ref=e1102]:
          - link "Trading" [ref=e1104] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: /en-gb/ways-to-trade
            - strong [ref=e1105]: Trading
          - generic [ref=e1106]:
            - generic [ref=e1107]:
              - generic [ref=e1108]: Ways to trade
              - generic [ref=e1109]:
                - link "CFD trading" [ref=e1111] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-gb/ways-to-trade/cfd-trading
                - link "Spread betting" [ref=e1113] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-gb/ways-to-trade/spread-betting
                - link "1X" [ref=e1115] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-gb/ways-to-trade/1x
            - generic [ref=e1116]:
              - generic [ref=e1117]: Trading platforms
              - generic [ref=e1118]:
                - link "Web platform" [ref=e1120] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-gb/trading-platforms/web-platform
                - link "Mobile apps" [ref=e1122] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-gb/trading-platforms/mobile-apps
                - link "TradingView" [ref=e1124] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-gb/trading-platforms/trading-view
                - link "MT4" [ref=e1126] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-gb/trading-platforms/mt4
                - link "API documentation" [ref=e1128] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-gb/trading-platforms/api-development-guide
            - generic [ref=e1129]:
              - generic [ref=e1130]: Trading info
              - generic [ref=e1131]:
                - link "Margin calls" [ref=e1133] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-gb/ways-to-trade/margin-calls
                - link "How withdrawals work" [ref=e1135] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-gb/ways-to-trade/how-withdrawals-work
                - link "Fraud prevention" [ref=e1137] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-gb/ways-to-trade/fraud-awareness
                - link "Market abuse" [ref=e1139] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-gb/ways-to-trade/market-abuse
            - generic [ref=e1140]:
              - generic [ref=e1141]: Trading tools
              - generic [ref=e1142]:
                - link "Demo trading" [ref=e1144] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-gb/trading-platforms/demo-account
                - link "CFD calculator" [ref=e1146] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-gb/ways-to-trade/cfd-trading/cfd-calculator
        - generic [ref=e1147]:
          - link "Markets" [ref=e1149] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: /en-gb/markets
            - strong [ref=e1150]: Markets
          - generic [ref=e1151]:
            - generic [ref=e1152]:
              - generic [ref=e1153]: Our markets
              - generic [ref=e1154]:
                - link "Shares" [ref=e1156] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-gb/markets/shares
                - link "Forex" [ref=e1158] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-gb/markets/forex
                - link "Indices" [ref=e1160] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-gb/markets/indices
                - link "Commodities" [ref=e1162] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-gb/markets/commodities
            - generic [ref=e1163]:
              - generic [ref=e1164]: Market updates
              - generic [ref=e1165]:
                - link "Market analysis" [ref=e1167] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-gb/analysis
                - link "All Markets & Instruments" [ref=e1169] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-gb/markets-and-instruments-sitemap
        - generic [ref=e1170]:
          - link "Pricing" [ref=e1172] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: /en-gb/ways-to-trade/fees-and-charges
            - strong [ref=e1173]: Pricing
          - generic [ref=e1175]:
            - generic [ref=e1176]: Pricing
            - generic [ref=e1177]:
              - link "Charges and fees" [ref=e1179] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: /en-gb/ways-to-trade/fees-and-charges
              - link "Our business model" [ref=e1181] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: /en-gb/about-us/how-capital-makes-money
              - link "Capital.com's pricing" [ref=e1183] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: /en-gb/ways-to-trade/pricing
              - link "Markets pricing" [ref=e1185] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: /en-gb/about-us/how-our-markets-are-priced
        - generic [ref=e1186]:
          - link "Learn" [ref=e1188] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: /en-gb/learn
            - strong [ref=e1189]: Learn
          - generic [ref=e1190]:
            - generic [ref=e1191]:
              - generic [ref=e1192]: For trading beginners
              - generic [ref=e1193]:
                - link "Trading essentials" [ref=e1195] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-gb/learn/essentials
                - link "Risk management" [ref=e1197] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-gb/learn/risk-management
                - link "Market guides" [ref=e1199] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-gb/learn/market-guides
                - link "Demo trading" [ref=e1201] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-gb/trading-platforms/demo-account
                - link "Forex course" [ref=e1203] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-gb/learn/forex-course
                - link "Commodity course" [ref=e1205] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-gb/learn/commodity-course
                - link "Indices course" [ref=e1207] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-gb/learn/indices-course
                - link "Stock course" [ref=e1209] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-gb/learn/stock-course
                - link "Investmate app" [ref=e1211] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-gb/learn/investmate-trading-app
                - link "Glossary" [ref=e1213] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-gb/learn/glossary
            - generic [ref=e1214]:
              - generic [ref=e1215]: For experienced traders
              - generic [ref=e1216]:
                - link "Trading strategies" [ref=e1218] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-gb/learn/trading-strategies
                - link "Trading psychology" [ref=e1220] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-gb/learn/trading-psychology
                - link "Technical analysis" [ref=e1222] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-gb/learn/technical-analysis
                - link "Market analysis" [ref=e1224] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-gb/analysis
                - link "IPO Trading" [ref=e1226] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-gb/learn/ipo
        - generic [ref=e1227]:
          - link "About" [ref=e1229] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: /en-gb/about-us
            - strong [ref=e1230]: About
          - generic [ref=e1231]:
            - generic [ref=e1232]:
              - generic [ref=e1233]: About us
              - generic [ref=e1234]:
                - link "Why Capital.com?" [ref=e1236] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-gb/why-capital
                - link "Our history" [ref=e1238] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-gb/about-us/our-history
                - link "Our offices" [ref=e1240] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-gb/about-us/our-offices
                - link "Leadership team" [ref=e1242] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-gb/about-us/our-leadership
                - link "Client funds" [ref=e1244] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-gb/about-us/what-capital-does-with-your-money
                - link "Press releases" [ref=e1246] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-gb/media-centre
                - link "Is capital.com safe?" [ref=e1248] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-gb/security-measures
                - link "Investor Relations" [ref=e1250] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-gb/about-us/investor-relations
                - link "Contact us" [ref=e1252] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-gb/contact-us
            - generic [ref=e1253]:
              - generic [ref=e1254]: Get help
              - generic [ref=e1255]:
                - link "Help" [ref=e1257] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-gb/help
                - link "Client vulnerability" [ref=e1259] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-gb/help/client-vulnerability
                - link "Complaints" [ref=e1261] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-gb/help/complaints
                - link "Terms and policies" [ref=e1263] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-gb/terms-and-policies
            - generic [ref=e1264]:
              - generic [ref=e1265]: Work for us
              - link "Careers" [ref=e1268] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: /en-gb/about-us/careers
    - generic [ref=e1270]:
      - paragraph [ref=e1271]: Risk warning
      - paragraph [ref=e1272]:
        - strong [ref=e1273]: All Trading involves risk.
        - text: Spread bets and CFDs are complex instruments and come with a high risk of losing money rapidly due to leverage.
        - strong [ref=e1274]: 62% of retail investor accounts lose money when trading spread bets and CFDs with this provider
        - text: . You should consider whether you understand how spread bets and CFDs work and whether you can afford to take the high risk of losing your money. Professional clients can lose more than they deposit. Please refer to our
        - link "Risk Disclosure Statement" [ref=e1275] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: https://capital.com/risk-disclosure-statement-fca
      - paragraph [ref=e1276]:
        - text: 1X is a non-leveraged CFD. It is a derivative, and is therefore a complex product. The value of your investment can go down as well as up, and you may get back less than you invest.
        - text: Crypto Derivatives are not available to Retail clients registered with Capital Com (UK) Ltd.
        - text: The value of shares and ETFs bought through a share dealing account can fall as well as rise, which could mean getting back less than you originally put in. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
        - text: The information contained herein is not intended for distribution to residents in any country where such distribution or use would contravene any local law or regulatory requirement.
      - paragraph [ref=e1277]
      - paragraph [ref=e1278]: Capital Com (UK) Limited (“CCUK”) is registered in England and Wales with company registration number 10506220. CCUK is Authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (“FCA”), under registration number 793714.
    - generic [ref=e1279]:
      - paragraph [ref=e1280]: © 2026 Capital Com (UK) Limited
      - generic [ref=e1281]:
        - link "Sitemap" [ref=e1282] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: /en-gb/sitemap
        - link "Cookie settings" [ref=e1283] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: ""
        - link "Clients Funds" [ref=e1284] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: /en-gb/about-us/what-capital-does-with-your-money
        - link "Terms and Policies" [ref=e1285] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: /en-gb/terms-and-policies
        - link "Complaints Procedure (CCUK)" [ref=e1286] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: /en-gb/help/complaints
  - generic:
    - generic: Cookie settings
  - button [ref=e1287] [cursor=pointer]
  - alert [ref=e1289]
```