# Page snapshot

```yaml
- generic [ref=e1]:
  - banner [ref=e2]:
    - button "Capital.com is regulated by the Securities and Commodities Authority." [ref=e3]:
      - generic [ref=e7]: Capital.com is regulated by the Securities and Commodities Authority.
    - generic [ref=e11]:
      - generic [ref=e12]:
        - link "PERSONAL" [ref=e13] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: /en-ae
        - link "PARTNERS" [ref=e14] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: /en-ae/partnerships
      - generic [ref=e15]:
        - link "SUPPORT" [ref=e16] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: /en-ae/help
        - button "en" [ref=e18] [cursor=pointer]:
          - strong [ref=e20]: en
    - generic [ref=e21]:
      - link [ref=e22] [cursor=pointer]:
        - /url: /en-ae
        - img [ref=e23]
      - generic [ref=e32]:
        - button [ref=e34] [cursor=pointer]:
          - generic:
            - textbox "global-search":
              - /placeholder: Search
        - generic [ref=e35]:
          - generic [ref=e36]:
            - link "Trading" [ref=e39] [cursor=pointer]:
              - /url: /en-ae/ways-to-trade
            - generic:
              - generic:
                - generic:
                  - link "Trading":
                    - /url: /en-ae/ways-to-trade
                    - generic:
                      - generic: Trading
                - generic:
                  - generic:
                    - generic:
                      - strong: Ways to trade
                  - generic:
                    - generic:
                      - strong: Trading platforms
                  - generic:
                    - generic:
                      - strong: Trading info
                  - generic:
                    - generic:
                      - strong: Trading tools
          - generic [ref=e40]:
            - link "Markets" [ref=e43] [cursor=pointer]:
              - /url: /en-ae/markets
            - generic:
              - generic:
                - generic:
                  - link "Markets":
                    - /url: /en-ae/markets
                    - generic:
                      - generic: Markets
                - generic:
                  - generic:
                    - generic:
                      - strong: Our markets
                  - generic:
                    - generic:
                      - strong: Market updates
          - generic [ref=e44]:
            - link "Learn" [ref=e47] [cursor=pointer]:
              - /url: /en-ae/learn
            - generic:
              - generic:
                - generic:
                  - link "Learn":
                    - /url: /en-ae/learn
                    - generic:
                      - generic: Learn
                - generic:
                  - generic:
                    - generic:
                      - strong: For trading beginners
                  - generic:
                    - generic:
                      - strong: For experienced traders
          - generic [ref=e48]:
            - link "Pricing" [ref=e51] [cursor=pointer]:
              - /url: /en-ae/ways-to-trade/fees-and-charges
            - generic:
              - generic:
                - generic:
                  - link "Pricing":
                    - /url: /en-ae/ways-to-trade/fees-and-charges
                    - generic:
                      - generic: Pricing
                - generic:
                  - generic:
                    - generic:
                      - strong: Pricing
          - generic [ref=e52]:
            - link "About" [ref=e55] [cursor=pointer]:
              - /url: /en-ae/about-us
            - generic:
              - generic:
                - generic:
                  - link "About":
                    - /url: /en-ae/about-us
                    - generic:
                      - generic: About
                - generic:
                  - generic:
                    - generic:
                      - strong: About us
                  - generic:
                    - generic:
                      - strong: Get help
                  - generic:
                    - generic:
                      - strong: Work for us
      - generic [ref=e56]:
        - generic:
          - button "Log In"
          - button "Sign Up"
        - link "Open platform user" [ref=e57] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: /trading/platform/
          - text: Open platform
          - img "user" [ref=e58]
  - generic [ref=e59]:
    - paragraph [ref=e62]:
      - link "Home•" [ref=e63] [cursor=pointer]:
        - /url: /en-ae
      - link "All platforms •" [ref=e64] [cursor=pointer]:
        - /url: /en-ae/trading-platforms
      - text: Web platform
    - generic [ref=e65]:
      - generic [ref=e71]:
        - generic [ref=e72]:
          - heading "The Capital.com web trading platform" [level=1] [ref=e73]
          - paragraph [ref=e75]:
            - text: Trade on an
            - link "award-winning" [ref=e76] [cursor=pointer]:
              - /url: https://capital.com/en-ae/about-us
            - text: ", user-friendly platform with advanced tools, integrated financial news, personalised watchlists and much more."
        - button "Create account" [active] [ref=e78] [cursor=pointer]
      - generic [ref=e81]:
        - generic [ref=e82]:
          - heading "Benefits of the Capital.com web trading platform" [level=2] [ref=e83]
          - paragraph [ref=e85]: From 100+ technical indicators to in-depth education and beyond, access all the tools and resources you need on a smart and intuitive interface.
        - generic [ref=e86]:
          - generic [ref=e92]:
            - strong [ref=e93]: Clear, easily-navigable interface
            - paragraph [ref=e95]: Access all the tools you need, when you need them. Discover charts, tools, watchlists, live chat and more - all with fuss-free functionality.
          - generic [ref=e101]:
            - strong [ref=e102]: Multiple chart types
            - paragraph [ref=e104]: Customise charts to suit your style and plan trades with candlestick, bar, area, Heikin-Ashi or line formats. Switch between charting tabs with ease for optimal market visibility.
          - generic [ref=e110]:
            - strong [ref=e111]: Innovative analysis tools
            - paragraph [ref=e113]: From Bollinger Bands® to MACD, sharpen your analysis with 100+ intuitive technical analysis indicators, as well as extensive drawing tools.
          - generic [ref=e119]:
            - strong [ref=e120]: Demo trading mode
            - paragraph [ref=e122]: Hone your strategies with virtual money and explore our straightforward platform risk free, while you get to know the tools and features shared by the live account.
          - generic [ref=e128]:
            - strong [ref=e129]: In-depth financial news
            - paragraph [ref=e131]: Get the latest technical and fundamental updates on all your favourite assets, and inform your trading decisions without leaving the platform.
          - generic [ref=e137]:
            - strong [ref=e138]: Risk-management tools
            - paragraph [ref=e140]:
              - text: Use stop-losses
              - superscript [ref=e141]: "1"
              - text: to limit your downside when the market goes against you, and secure your gains with take-profit orders. Also, try our new trailing stops for a stop level that follows favourable price movements, locking in profits while limiting losses.
          - generic [ref=e147]:
            - strong [ref=e148]: Unlimited watchlists
            - paragraph [ref=e150]: Group your favourite markets together into lists, so you can monitor their performance at a glance as soon as you log into the platform.
          - generic [ref=e156]:
            - strong [ref=e157]: Hedging mode
            - paragraph [ref=e159]: Offset temporary adverse market moves on a trade by opening an opposite position on the same market. Note that when using hedging mode, you’ll need to pay the bid/offer spread and overnight funding on both positions.
      - generic [ref=e160]:
        - generic [ref=e162]:
          - heading "Read our reviews to find out more about us" [level=2] [ref=e163]
          - generic [ref=e164]: Read the feedback from our clients around the world.
        - generic [ref=e165]:
          - region [ref=e166]:
            - generic [ref=e168]:
              - group [ref=e169]:
                - link [ref=e170] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                  - generic [ref=e173]: 2025-07-01
                  - strong [ref=e174]: Victor Flemming Nandwa Søder
                  - paragraph [ref=e176]: Great customer service I got to say that. They helped get my account back very fast, after i logged myself out by losing my old email, it was so fast you wouldn’t believe it thank you once again.
              - group [ref=e178]:
                - link [ref=e179] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                  - generic [ref=e182]: 2025-07-01
                  - strong [ref=e183]: Perry Reineke
                  - paragraph [ref=e185]: I'm learning the basics of stock investing. This platform is clear and pretty good. I've been using it for over 6 months.
              - group [ref=e187]:
                - link [ref=e188] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                  - generic [ref=e191]: 2025-06-29
                  - strong [ref=e192]: proinpro
                  - paragraph [ref=e194]: Capital is really great to be used on start, also beginner friendly broker! Great costumer support and it is quick!
              - group [ref=e196]:
                - link [ref=e197] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                  - generic [ref=e200]: 2025-06-27
                  - strong [ref=e201]: Gio Gvazava
                  - paragraph [ref=e203]: Capital.com has been great for both learning and trading. The app is clean, fast, and packed with useful tools. Customer support has been solid too. Definitely recommended for beginners and active traders alike.
              - group [ref=e205]:
                - link [ref=e206] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                  - generic [ref=e209]: 2025-06-27
                  - strong [ref=e210]: Douglas
                  - paragraph [ref=e212]: Deposits and withdrawals work without issues. Very low spreads. No noticeable fees. Easy to follow.
              - group [ref=e214]:
                - link [ref=e215] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                  - generic [ref=e218]: 2025-06-22
                  - strong [ref=e219]: Jean A.
                  - paragraph [ref=e221]: The app is built to make options and figures easy to understand, great for beginners and intermediate traders. Demo accounts are simple to set up. 100:1 leverage is available.
              - group [ref=e223]:
                - link [ref=e224] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
                  - generic [ref=e227]: 2025-06-19
                  - strong [ref=e228]: foobarbeer
                  - paragraph [ref=e230]: I am extremely happy with this broker. Great spreads, good selection of instruments, well coded toolbox.
              - group [ref=e232]:
                - link [ref=e233] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
                  - generic [ref=e236]: 2025-06-19
                  - strong [ref=e237]: Casaubon70
                  - paragraph [ref=e239]: Love the TV integration. Makes traders life smooth and comfortable.
              - group [ref=e241]:
                - link [ref=e242] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
                  - generic [ref=e245]: 2025-06-19
                  - strong [ref=e246]: dgogidze7
                  - paragraph [ref=e248]: I would like to express a huge thank you to Evgeniya Logvinovich, customer service manager. For your attention and heartfelt attitude to your clients.❤️
              - group [ref=e250]:
                - link [ref=e251] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                  - generic [ref=e254]: 2025-05-30
                  - strong [ref=e255]: Brigman
                  - paragraph [ref=e257]: Everything worked as expected from the 1 day. I didn’t have to search how to use the platform, it’s intuitive. The support chat was there when I had a tiny issue.
              - group [ref=e259]:
                - link [ref=e260] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
                  - generic [ref=e263]: 2025-05-24
                  - strong [ref=e264]: Radioilluminati
                  - paragraph [ref=e266]: I trade every day and Capital is my beloved home. I also create music and you can always feel when something has been created from the heart. Capital has soul!
              - group [ref=e268]:
                - link [ref=e269] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
                  - generic [ref=e272]: 2025-05-20
                  - strong [ref=e273]: GemzT
                  - paragraph [ref=e275]: I’d been paper trading for 2yrs now, went live and this platform is easy for beginners to understand and navigate all important tools to execute all that I learned. Earning now!
              - group [ref=e277]:
                - link [ref=e278] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://app.appsflyer.com/com.capital.trading
                  - generic [ref=e281]: 2025-04-29
                  - strong [ref=e282]: dmjnoor
                  - paragraph [ref=e284]: This application is perfect.. simple, easy to use, run smoothly and fast and it has an accurate graphics.. be careful to use only one credit card and one bank account to prevent any withdrawal problem.. overnight fees and spread variation will be repaid for you by the next month.. I used many application but this is the best one
              - group [ref=e286]:
                - link [ref=e287] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://app.appsflyer.com/com.capital.trading
                  - generic [ref=e290]: 2025-03-24
                  - strong [ref=e291]: Debbie P
                  - paragraph [ref=e293]: The best trading company I've found so far and so easy to use.
              - group [ref=e295]:
                - link [ref=e296] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://app.appsflyer.com/com.capital.trading
                  - generic [ref=e299]: 2025-02-06
                  - strong [ref=e300]: Nouman Butt
                  - paragraph [ref=e302]: User friendly app & interface and good support team. Funds transfer ease & Leverage is an advantage but crypto is highly risky be responsible of your loss limits and risks appetite.
              - group "1 of 15" [ref=e304]:
                - link "2025-07-01 Victor Flemming Nandwa Søder Great customer service I got to say that. They helped get my account back very fast, after i logged myself out by losing my old email, it was so fast you wouldn’t believe it thank you once again." [ref=e305] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                  - generic [ref=e308]: 2025-07-01
                  - strong [ref=e309]: Victor Flemming Nandwa Søder
                  - paragraph [ref=e311]: Great customer service I got to say that. They helped get my account back very fast, after i logged myself out by losing my old email, it was so fast you wouldn’t believe it thank you once again.
              - group "2 of 15" [ref=e313]:
                - link "2025-07-01 Perry Reineke I'm learning the basics of stock investing. This platform is clear and pretty good. I've been using it for over 6 months." [ref=e314] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                  - generic [ref=e317]: 2025-07-01
                  - strong [ref=e318]: Perry Reineke
                  - paragraph [ref=e320]: I'm learning the basics of stock investing. This platform is clear and pretty good. I've been using it for over 6 months.
              - group "3 of 15" [ref=e322]:
                - link "2025-06-29 proinpro Capital is really great to be used on start, also beginner friendly broker! Great costumer support and it is quick!" [ref=e323] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                  - generic [ref=e326]: 2025-06-29
                  - strong [ref=e327]: proinpro
                  - paragraph [ref=e329]: Capital is really great to be used on start, also beginner friendly broker! Great costumer support and it is quick!
              - group [ref=e331]:
                - link [ref=e332] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                  - generic [ref=e335]: 2025-06-27
                  - strong [ref=e336]: Gio Gvazava
                  - paragraph [ref=e338]: Capital.com has been great for both learning and trading. The app is clean, fast, and packed with useful tools. Customer support has been solid too. Definitely recommended for beginners and active traders alike.
              - group [ref=e340]:
                - link [ref=e341] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                  - generic [ref=e344]: 2025-06-27
                  - strong [ref=e345]: Douglas
                  - paragraph [ref=e347]: Deposits and withdrawals work without issues. Very low spreads. No noticeable fees. Easy to follow.
              - group [ref=e349]:
                - link [ref=e350] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                  - generic [ref=e353]: 2025-06-22
                  - strong [ref=e354]: Jean A.
                  - paragraph [ref=e356]: The app is built to make options and figures easy to understand, great for beginners and intermediate traders. Demo accounts are simple to set up. 100:1 leverage is available.
              - group [ref=e358]:
                - link [ref=e359] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
                  - generic [ref=e362]: 2025-06-19
                  - strong [ref=e363]: foobarbeer
                  - paragraph [ref=e365]: I am extremely happy with this broker. Great spreads, good selection of instruments, well coded toolbox.
              - group [ref=e367]:
                - link [ref=e368] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
                  - generic [ref=e371]: 2025-06-19
                  - strong [ref=e372]: Casaubon70
                  - paragraph [ref=e374]: Love the TV integration. Makes traders life smooth and comfortable.
              - group [ref=e376]:
                - link [ref=e377] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
                  - generic [ref=e380]: 2025-06-19
                  - strong [ref=e381]: dgogidze7
                  - paragraph [ref=e383]: I would like to express a huge thank you to Evgeniya Logvinovich, customer service manager. For your attention and heartfelt attitude to your clients.❤️
              - group [ref=e385]:
                - link [ref=e386] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                  - generic [ref=e389]: 2025-05-30
                  - strong [ref=e390]: Brigman
                  - paragraph [ref=e392]: Everything worked as expected from the 1 day. I didn’t have to search how to use the platform, it’s intuitive. The support chat was there when I had a tiny issue.
              - group [ref=e394]:
                - link [ref=e395] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
                  - generic [ref=e398]: 2025-05-24
                  - strong [ref=e399]: Radioilluminati
                  - paragraph [ref=e401]: I trade every day and Capital is my beloved home. I also create music and you can always feel when something has been created from the heart. Capital has soul!
              - group [ref=e403]:
                - link [ref=e404] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
                  - generic [ref=e407]: 2025-05-20
                  - strong [ref=e408]: GemzT
                  - paragraph [ref=e410]: I’d been paper trading for 2yrs now, went live and this platform is easy for beginners to understand and navigate all important tools to execute all that I learned. Earning now!
              - group [ref=e412]:
                - link [ref=e413] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://app.appsflyer.com/com.capital.trading?cp_device_id=3c24769a-5c20-43f5-8ebe-803e08061784&af_js_web=true&af_ss_ver=2_9_0&pid=organic_web&af_ss_ui=true
                  - generic [ref=e416]: 2025-04-29
                  - strong [ref=e417]: dmjnoor
                  - paragraph [ref=e419]: This application is perfect.. simple, easy to use, run smoothly and fast and it has an accurate graphics.. be careful to use only one credit card and one bank account to prevent any withdrawal problem.. overnight fees and spread variation will be repaid for you by the next month.. I used many application but this is the best one
              - group [ref=e421]:
                - link [ref=e422] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://app.appsflyer.com/com.capital.trading?cp_device_id=3c24769a-5c20-43f5-8ebe-803e08061784&af_js_web=true&af_ss_ver=2_9_0&pid=organic_web&af_ss_ui=true
                  - generic [ref=e425]: 2025-03-24
                  - strong [ref=e426]: Debbie P
                  - paragraph [ref=e428]: The best trading company I've found so far and so easy to use.
              - group [ref=e430]:
                - link [ref=e431] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://app.appsflyer.com/com.capital.trading?cp_device_id=3c24769a-5c20-43f5-8ebe-803e08061784&af_js_web=true&af_ss_ver=2_9_0&pid=organic_web&af_ss_ui=true
                  - generic [ref=e434]: 2025-02-06
                  - strong [ref=e435]: Nouman Butt
                  - paragraph [ref=e437]: User friendly app & interface and good support team. Funds transfer ease & Leverage is an advantage but crypto is highly risky be responsible of your loss limits and risks appetite.
              - group [ref=e439]:
                - link [ref=e440] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                  - generic [ref=e443]: 2025-07-01
                  - strong [ref=e444]: Victor Flemming Nandwa Søder
                  - paragraph [ref=e446]: Great customer service I got to say that. They helped get my account back very fast, after i logged myself out by losing my old email, it was so fast you wouldn’t believe it thank you once again.
              - group [ref=e448]:
                - link [ref=e449] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                  - generic [ref=e452]: 2025-07-01
                  - strong [ref=e453]: Perry Reineke
                  - paragraph [ref=e455]: I'm learning the basics of stock investing. This platform is clear and pretty good. I've been using it for over 6 months.
              - group [ref=e457]:
                - link [ref=e458] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                  - generic [ref=e461]: 2025-06-29
                  - strong [ref=e462]: proinpro
                  - paragraph [ref=e464]: Capital is really great to be used on start, also beginner friendly broker! Great costumer support and it is quick!
              - group [ref=e466]:
                - link [ref=e467] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                  - generic [ref=e470]: 2025-06-27
                  - strong [ref=e471]: Gio Gvazava
                  - paragraph [ref=e473]: Capital.com has been great for both learning and trading. The app is clean, fast, and packed with useful tools. Customer support has been solid too. Definitely recommended for beginners and active traders alike.
              - group [ref=e475]:
                - link [ref=e476] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                  - generic [ref=e479]: 2025-06-27
                  - strong [ref=e480]: Douglas
                  - paragraph [ref=e482]: Deposits and withdrawals work without issues. Very low spreads. No noticeable fees. Easy to follow.
              - group [ref=e484]:
                - link [ref=e485] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                  - generic [ref=e488]: 2025-06-22
                  - strong [ref=e489]: Jean A.
                  - paragraph [ref=e491]: The app is built to make options and figures easy to understand, great for beginners and intermediate traders. Demo accounts are simple to set up. 100:1 leverage is available.
              - group [ref=e493]:
                - link [ref=e494] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
                  - generic [ref=e497]: 2025-06-19
                  - strong [ref=e498]: foobarbeer
                  - paragraph [ref=e500]: I am extremely happy with this broker. Great spreads, good selection of instruments, well coded toolbox.
              - group [ref=e502]:
                - link [ref=e503] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
                  - generic [ref=e506]: 2025-06-19
                  - strong [ref=e507]: Casaubon70
                  - paragraph [ref=e509]: Love the TV integration. Makes traders life smooth and comfortable.
              - group [ref=e511]:
                - link [ref=e512] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
                  - generic [ref=e515]: 2025-06-19
                  - strong [ref=e516]: dgogidze7
                  - paragraph [ref=e518]: I would like to express a huge thank you to Evgeniya Logvinovich, customer service manager. For your attention and heartfelt attitude to your clients.❤️
              - group [ref=e520]:
                - link [ref=e521] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                  - generic [ref=e524]: 2025-05-30
                  - strong [ref=e525]: Brigman
                  - paragraph [ref=e527]: Everything worked as expected from the 1 day. I didn’t have to search how to use the platform, it’s intuitive. The support chat was there when I had a tiny issue.
              - group [ref=e529]:
                - link [ref=e530] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
                  - generic [ref=e533]: 2025-05-24
                  - strong [ref=e534]: Radioilluminati
                  - paragraph [ref=e536]: I trade every day and Capital is my beloved home. I also create music and you can always feel when something has been created from the heart. Capital has soul!
              - group [ref=e538]:
                - link [ref=e539] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
                  - generic [ref=e542]: 2025-05-20
                  - strong [ref=e543]: GemzT
                  - paragraph [ref=e545]: I’d been paper trading for 2yrs now, went live and this platform is easy for beginners to understand and navigate all important tools to execute all that I learned. Earning now!
              - group [ref=e547]:
                - link [ref=e548] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://app.appsflyer.com/com.capital.trading
                  - generic [ref=e551]: 2025-04-29
                  - strong [ref=e552]: dmjnoor
                  - paragraph [ref=e554]: This application is perfect.. simple, easy to use, run smoothly and fast and it has an accurate graphics.. be careful to use only one credit card and one bank account to prevent any withdrawal problem.. overnight fees and spread variation will be repaid for you by the next month.. I used many application but this is the best one
              - group [ref=e556]:
                - link [ref=e557] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://app.appsflyer.com/com.capital.trading
                  - generic [ref=e560]: 2025-03-24
                  - strong [ref=e561]: Debbie P
                  - paragraph [ref=e563]: The best trading company I've found so far and so easy to use.
              - group [ref=e565]:
                - link [ref=e566] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://app.appsflyer.com/com.capital.trading
                  - generic [ref=e569]: 2025-02-06
                  - strong [ref=e570]: Nouman Butt
                  - paragraph [ref=e572]: User friendly app & interface and good support team. Funds transfer ease & Leverage is an advantage but crypto is highly risky be responsible of your loss limits and risks appetite.
            - generic:
              - button "Go to last slide" [ref=e574] [cursor=pointer]
              - button "Next slide" [ref=e575] [cursor=pointer]
          - paragraph [ref=e576]: Showing our 4 & 5 star reviews across TradingView, App Store, Google Play and Trustpilot.
        - generic [ref=e578]:
          - link "4.8" [ref=e579] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
            - strong [ref=e582]: "4.8"
          - link "Ratings and Reviews 4.7" [ref=e585] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: https://app.appsflyer.com/id1230088754?cp_device_id=3c24769a-5c20-43f5-8ebe-803e08061784&af_js_web=true&af_ss_ver=2_9_0&pid=organic_web&af_ss_ui=true
            - strong [ref=e587]: Ratings and Reviews
            - strong [ref=e589]: "4.7"
          - link "Ratings and Reviews 4.6" [ref=e592] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: https://app.appsflyer.com/com.capital.trading?cp_device_id=3c24769a-5c20-43f5-8ebe-803e08061784&af_js_web=true&af_ss_ver=2_9_0&pid=organic_web&af_ss_ui=true
            - strong [ref=e594]: Ratings and Reviews
            - strong [ref=e596]: "4.6"
          - link "4.6" [ref=e599] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
            - strong [ref=e602]: "4.6"
      - generic [ref=e605]:
        - heading "Why trade CFDs with Capital.com?" [level=2] [ref=e607]
        - generic [ref=e608]:
          - generic [ref=e610]:
            - heading "Fair and transparent pricing" [level=3] [ref=e611]
            - paragraph [ref=e613]:
              - text: Get full clarity on the spreads and fees we charge via our
              - link "charges and fees" [ref=e614] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://capital.com/en-ae/ways-to-trade/fees-and-charges
              - text: page.
          - generic [ref=e616]:
            - heading "TradingView and MT4" [level=3] [ref=e617]
            - paragraph [ref=e619]: Seamlessly integrate our smart platform with elite third-party software.
          - generic [ref=e621]:
            - heading "Fast withdrawals" [level=3] [ref=e622]
            - paragraph [ref=e624]:
              - text: 98.5% of our traders’ withdrawal requests were processed within 24 hours in 2023.
              - superscript [ref=e625]: "2"
          - generic [ref=e627]:
            - heading "Round-the-clock support" [level=3] [ref=e628]
            - paragraph [ref=e630]: Get help when you need it, with our knowledgeable team available to assist you 24/7.
      - generic [ref=e633]:
        - generic [ref=e634]:
          - generic [ref=e635]:
            - generic [ref=e636]:
              - heading "Prefer to trade on mobile? Get the app." [level=2] [ref=e637]
              - paragraph [ref=e639]: Trade 3,000+ markets wherever there’s an internet connection, and set price alerts to notify you of significant market moves.
            - generic [ref=e641]:
              - img "QR code" [ref=e642]
              - generic [ref=e643]: Scan to Download
          - img "Image" [ref=e646]
        - generic [ref=e647]:
          - generic [ref=e648]:
            - generic [ref=e649]:
              - heading "Integrate with TradingView" [level=2] [ref=e650]
              - paragraph [ref=e652]: Trade CFDs with Capital.com directly through TradingView’s world-renowned charts.
            - link "Learn more" [ref=e654] [cursor=pointer]:
              - /url: /en-ae/trading-platforms/trading-view
          - img "Image" [ref=e657]
      - generic [ref=e659]:
        - heading "Find out more" [level=2] [ref=e661]
        - generic [ref=e662]:
          - generic [ref=e664]:
            - heading "Explore 3,000+ markets" [level=3] [ref=e665]
            - paragraph [ref=e667]: And view real-time and historical data to inform trading decisions.
            - link "Browse markets" [ref=e668] [cursor=pointer]:
              - /url: https://capital.com/en-ae/markets
              - generic [ref=e669]: Browse markets
          - generic [ref=e671]:
            - heading "Check out our fees" [level=3] [ref=e672]
            - paragraph [ref=e674]: To learn more about our transparent charges.
            - link "Go to fees and charges" [ref=e675] [cursor=pointer]:
              - /url: https://capital.com/en-ae/ways-to-trade/fees-and-charges
              - generic [ref=e676]: Go to fees and charges
          - generic [ref=e678]:
            - heading "Looking for help?" [level=3] [ref=e679]
            - paragraph [ref=e681]: Head to our support centre for FAQs and guides, or use our live-chat service to speak to someone from our team.
            - link "Get support" [ref=e682] [cursor=pointer]:
              - /url: https://help.capitalccmena.com/hc/en-us
              - generic [ref=e683]: Get support
      - paragraph [ref=e687]:
        - text: 1 – Stop-losses may not be guaranteed.
        - text: "2 – Source: Capital.com Group server data, 2024."
      - generic [ref=e689]:
        - generic [ref=e690]:
          - paragraph [ref=e691]: Why choose Capital.com? Our numbers speak for themselves
          - generic [ref=e692]: Capital.com Group
        - generic [ref=e693]:
          - generic [ref=e694]:
            - text: 817K+
            - text: Traders globally
          - generic [ref=e696]:
            - text: 114K+
            - text: Active clients monthly
          - generic [ref=e698]:
            - text: 24/7
            - text: Client support
          - generic [ref=e700]:
            - text: "100"
            - text: Technical indicators
      - generic [ref=e702]:
        - generic [ref=e703]:
          - generic [ref=e704]: Trusted partner
          - img "Trusted partner" [ref=e706]
        - generic [ref=e707]:
          - generic [ref=e708]: Featured partner
          - img "Featured partner" [ref=e710]
  - contentinfo [ref=e712]:
    - generic [ref=e713]:
      - link [ref=e714] [cursor=pointer]:
        - /url: /en-ae
        - img [ref=e715]
      - generic [ref=e723]:
        - link [ref=e724] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: https://twitter.com/capital_arabia
        - link [ref=e725] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: https://www.linkedin.com/company/capital.com
        - link [ref=e726] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: https://www.instagram.com/capitalcomarabia
        - link [ref=e727] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: https://www.youtube.com/@capital.com.287
        - link [ref=e728] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: https://www.tiktok.com/@capitalcomarabia?lang=en
      - generic [ref=e729]:
        - link [ref=e730] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: https://app.appsflyer.com/id1230088754?cp_device_id=3c24769a-5c20-43f5-8ebe-803e08061784&af_js_web=true&af_ss_ver=2_9_0&pid=organic_web&af_ss_ui=true
        - link [ref=e731] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: https://app.appsflyer.com/com.capital.trading?cp_device_id=3c24769a-5c20-43f5-8ebe-803e08061784&af_js_web=true&af_ss_ver=2_9_0&pid=organic_web&af_ss_ui=true
        - link [ref=e732] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: https://app.appsflyer.com/com.capital.trading.huawei-huawei?cp_device_id=3c24769a-5c20-43f5-8ebe-803e08061784&af_js_web=true&af_ss_ver=2_9_0&pid=organic_web&af_ss_ui=true
    - generic [ref=e733]:
      - generic [ref=e734]:
        - generic [ref=e735]:
          - generic [ref=e736]:
            - generic [ref=e737]: "Country / Region:"
            - button "United Arab Emirates" [ref=e738] [cursor=pointer]: United Arab Emirates
          - generic [ref=e740]: •
          - generic [ref=e741]:
            - generic [ref=e742]: "Language:"
            - button "English" [ref=e743] [cursor=pointer]
        - generic [ref=e744]:
          - generic [ref=e745]: "Also you can contact us:"
          - link "+971 4 576 8641" [ref=e748] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: tel:+971 4 576 8641
          - generic [ref=e749]: •
          - link "support@capital.com" [ref=e751] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: mailto:support@capital.com
      - generic [ref=e752]:
        - generic [ref=e753]:
          - link "Trading" [ref=e755] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: /en-ae/ways-to-trade
            - strong [ref=e756]: Trading
          - generic [ref=e757]:
            - generic [ref=e758]:
              - generic [ref=e759]: Ways to trade
              - generic [ref=e760]:
                - link "CFD trading" [ref=e762] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-ae/ways-to-trade/cfd-trading
                - link "Rebates for Active Traders" [ref=e764] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-ae/ways-to-trade/rebates
            - generic [ref=e765]:
              - generic [ref=e766]: Trading platforms
              - generic [ref=e767]:
                - link "All platforms" [ref=e769] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-ae/trading-platforms
                - link "Web platform" [ref=e771] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-ae/trading-platforms/web-platform
                - link "Mobile apps" [ref=e773] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-ae/trading-platforms/mobile-apps
                - link "TradingView" [ref=e775] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-ae/trading-platforms/trading-view
                - link "MT4" [ref=e777] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-ae/trading-platforms/mt4
                - link "API documentation" [ref=e779] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-ae/trading-platforms/api-development-guide
                - link "MT5" [ref=e781] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-ae/trading-platforms/mt5
            - generic [ref=e782]:
              - generic [ref=e783]: Trading info
              - generic [ref=e784]:
                - link "Margin Calls" [ref=e786] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-ae/ways-to-trade/margin-calls
                - link "How withdrawals work" [ref=e788] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-ae/ways-to-trade/how-withdrawals-work
                - link "Fraud prevention" [ref=e790] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-ae/ways-to-trade/fraud-awareness
            - generic [ref=e791]:
              - generic [ref=e792]: Trading tools
              - generic [ref=e793]:
                - link "CFD calculator" [ref=e795] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-ae/ways-to-trade/cfd-trading/cfd-calculator
                - link "Demo trading" [ref=e797] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-ae/trading-platforms/demo-account
        - generic [ref=e798]:
          - link "Markets" [ref=e800] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: /en-ae/markets
            - strong [ref=e801]: Markets
          - generic [ref=e802]:
            - generic [ref=e803]:
              - generic [ref=e804]: Our markets
              - generic [ref=e805]:
                - link "Shares" [ref=e807] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-ae/markets/shares
                - link "Forex" [ref=e809] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-ae/markets/forex
                - link "Indices" [ref=e811] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-ae/markets/indices
                - link "Commodities" [ref=e813] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-ae/markets/commodities
                - link "Cryptocurrencies" [ref=e815] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-ae/markets/cryptocurrencies
            - generic [ref=e816]:
              - generic [ref=e817]: Market updates
              - link "Market analysis" [ref=e820] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: /en-ae/analysis
            - link "All Markets & Instruments" [ref=e822] [cursor=pointer]:
              - /url: /en-ae/markets-and-instruments-sitemap
        - generic [ref=e823]:
          - link "Learn" [ref=e825] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: /en-ae/learn
            - strong [ref=e826]: Learn
          - generic [ref=e827]:
            - generic [ref=e828]:
              - generic [ref=e829]: For trading beginners
              - generic [ref=e830]:
                - link "Trading Essentials" [ref=e832] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-ae/learn/essentials
                - link "Risk management" [ref=e834] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-ae/learn/risk-management
                - link "Market guides" [ref=e836] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-ae/learn/market-guides
                - link "Demo trading" [ref=e838] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-ae/trading-platforms/demo-account
                - link "Stock course" [ref=e840] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-ae/learn/stock-course
                - link "Indices course" [ref=e842] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-ae/learn/indices-course
                - link "Crypto course" [ref=e844] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-ae/learn/crypto-course
                - link "Commodity course" [ref=e846] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-ae/learn/commodity-course
                - link "Forex course" [ref=e848] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-ae/learn/forex-course
                - link "Glossary" [ref=e850] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-ae/learn/glossary
            - generic [ref=e851]:
              - generic [ref=e852]: For experienced traders
              - generic [ref=e853]:
                - link "Trading Strategies" [ref=e855] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-ae/learn/trading-strategies
                - link "Technical analysis" [ref=e857] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-ae/learn/technical-analysis
                - link "Market analysis" [ref=e859] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-ae/analysis
                - link "Trading Psychology" [ref=e861] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-ae/learn/trading-psychology
                - link "IPO Trading" [ref=e863] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-ae/learn/ipo
        - generic [ref=e864]:
          - link "Pricing" [ref=e866] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: /en-ae/ways-to-trade/fees-and-charges
            - strong [ref=e867]: Pricing
          - generic [ref=e869]:
            - generic [ref=e870]: Pricing
            - generic [ref=e871]:
              - link "Charges and fees" [ref=e873] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: /en-ae/ways-to-trade/fees-and-charges
              - link "Our business model" [ref=e875] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: /en-ae/about-us/how-capital-makes-money
              - link "Capital.com's pricing" [ref=e877] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: /en-ae/ways-to-trade/pricing
              - link "Markets pricing" [ref=e879] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: /en-ae/about-us/how-our-markets-are-priced
        - generic [ref=e880]:
          - link "About" [ref=e882] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: /en-ae/about-us
            - strong [ref=e883]: About
          - generic [ref=e884]:
            - generic [ref=e885]:
              - generic [ref=e886]: About us
              - generic [ref=e887]:
                - link "Leadership team" [ref=e889] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-ae/about-us/our-leadership
                - link "Is capital.com safe?" [ref=e891] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-ae/security-measures
                - link "Our history" [ref=e893] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-ae/about-us/our-history
                - link "Why Capital.com?" [ref=e895] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-ae/why-capital
                - link "Our offices" [ref=e897] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-ae/about-us/our-offices
                - link "Client funds" [ref=e899] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-ae/about-us/what-capital-does-with-your-money
                - link "Contact us" [ref=e901] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-ae/contact-us
                - link "Investor Relations" [ref=e903] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-ae/about-us/investor-relations
                - link "Press releases" [ref=e905] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-ae/media-centre
                - link "Viktor Prokopenya" [ref=e907] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-ae/about-us/viktor-prokopenya
            - generic [ref=e908]:
              - generic [ref=e909]: Get help
              - generic [ref=e910]:
                - link "Help" [ref=e912] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-ae/help
                - link "Client vulnerability" [ref=e914] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-ae/help/client-vulnerability
                - link "Complaints" [ref=e916] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-ae/help/complaints
                - link "Terms and policies" [ref=e918] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-ae/terms-and-policies
            - generic [ref=e919]:
              - generic [ref=e920]: Work for us
              - link "Careers" [ref=e923] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: /en-ae/about-us/careers
    - generic [ref=e925]:
      - paragraph
      - paragraph [ref=e926]:
        - strong [ref=e927]: Over-the-counter leveraged derivative contracts, including contracts for difference and spot foreign exchange products are complex financial instruments and carries a high degree of risk of losing money rapidly due to leverage. Trading Over-the-Counter leveraged derivatives may not be suitable for all investors. Before engaging in any trading activities, you should carefully consider your investment objectives, risk tolerance, and financial situation. Please seek independent financial advice before trading if necessary.
      - paragraph [ref=e928]: Capital Com MENA Securities Trading L.L.C. is a limited liability company with company number 1994695. Capital Com MENA Securities Trading L.L.C. is a Company registered in Dubai, United Arab Emirates, and authorised by the Securities and Commodities Authority with license number 20200000176. The company engages in financial and investment activities under Category One – Dealing in Securities which include (a)Financial Products dealer, (b)Trading broker in the international markets and (c)Trading broker of OTC derivatives and currencies in the spot market. The Company’s registered office is at Jumeirah Emirates Towers, Emirates Towers Offices, Level L14, Unit 14C, Dubai, UAE. Capital Com MENA Securities Trading L.L.C. is an execution only service provider and does not provide investment advice. Capital Com MENA Securities Trading L.L.C. may publish general market commentary from time to time. Where it does, the material published does not constitute advice, or a solicitation, or a recommendation to a transaction in any financial instrument. Capital Com MENA Securities Trading L.L.C. accepts no responsibility for any use of the content presented and any consequences of that use. No representation or warranty is given as to the completeness of this information. Anyone acting on the information provided does so at their own risk. The information contained herein is not intended for distribution to residents in any country where such distribution or use would contravene any local law or regulatory requirement. Our products and services are not available to embargoed or sanctioned countries. The information is not intended for distribution to, or use by, any person in any country or jurisdiction where such distribution or use would be contrary to local law or regulation.
    - generic [ref=e929]:
      - paragraph [ref=e930]: © 2026 Capital Com Mena Securities Trading LLC
      - generic [ref=e931]:
        - link "Sitemap" [ref=e932] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: /en-ae/sitemap
        - link "Cookie Settings" [ref=e933] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: ""
        - link "Clients Funds" [ref=e934] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: /en-ae/about-us/what-capital-does-with-your-money
        - link "Terms and Policies" [ref=e935] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: /en-ae/terms-and-policies
        - link "Complaints Procedure CCMENA" [ref=e936] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: /en-ae/help/complaints
  - generic:
    - generic: Cookie settings
  - button [ref=e937] [cursor=pointer]
  - alert [ref=e939]: Award Winning Web Trading Platform | Capital.com UAE
```