# Page snapshot

```yaml
- generic [active] [ref=e1]:
  - banner [ref=e2]:
    - button "CFDs are complex instruments and come with a high risk of losing money rapidly due to leverage. 69% of retail investor accounts lose money when trading CFDs with this provider. You should consider whether you understand how CFDs work and whether you can afford to take the high risk of losing your money. Please refer to our Risk Disclosure Statement" [ref=e3]:
      - generic [ref=e6]:
        - text: CFDs are complex instruments and come with a high risk of losing money rapidly due to leverage.
        - generic [ref=e7]:
          - generic [ref=e8]:
            - strong [ref=e9]: 69% of retail investor accounts lose money when trading CFDs with this provider
            - text: .
          - text: You should consider whether you understand how CFDs work and whether you can afford to take the high risk of losing your money. Please refer to our
          - link "Risk Disclosure Statement" [ref=e10] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: https://capital.com/risk-disclosure-policy
    - generic [ref=e14]:
      - generic [ref=e15]:
        - link "PERSONAL" [ref=e16] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: /en-eu
        - link "PROFESSIONAL" [ref=e17] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: /en-eu/professional-clients
      - generic [ref=e18]:
        - link "SUPPORT" [ref=e19] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: /en-eu/help
        - button "en" [ref=e21] [cursor=pointer]:
          - strong [ref=e23]: en
    - generic [ref=e24]:
      - link [ref=e25] [cursor=pointer]:
        - /url: /en-eu
        - img [ref=e26]
      - generic [ref=e35]:
        - button [ref=e37] [cursor=pointer]:
          - generic:
            - textbox "Search"
        - generic [ref=e38]:
          - generic [ref=e39]:
            - link "Trading" [ref=e42] [cursor=pointer]:
              - /url: /en-eu/ways-to-trade
            - generic:
              - generic:
                - generic:
                  - link "Trading":
                    - /url: /en-eu/ways-to-trade
                    - generic:
                      - generic: Trading
                - generic:
                  - generic:
                    - generic:
                      - strong: Ways to trade
                  - generic:
                    - generic:
                      - strong: Trading platforms
                  - generic:
                    - generic:
                      - strong: Trading info
                  - generic:
                    - generic:
                      - strong: Trading tools
          - generic [ref=e43]:
            - link "Markets" [ref=e46] [cursor=pointer]:
              - /url: /en-eu/markets
            - generic:
              - generic:
                - generic:
                  - link "Markets":
                    - /url: /en-eu/markets
                    - generic:
                      - generic: Markets
                - generic:
                  - generic:
                    - generic:
                      - strong: Our markets
                  - generic:
                    - generic:
                      - strong: Market updates
          - generic [ref=e47]:
            - link "Pricing" [ref=e50] [cursor=pointer]:
              - /url: /en-eu/ways-to-trade/fees-and-charges
            - generic:
              - generic:
                - generic:
                  - link "Pricing":
                    - /url: /en-eu/ways-to-trade/fees-and-charges
                    - generic:
                      - generic: Pricing
                - generic:
                  - generic:
                    - generic:
                      - strong: Pricing
          - generic [ref=e51]:
            - link "Learn" [ref=e54] [cursor=pointer]:
              - /url: /en-eu/learn
            - generic:
              - generic:
                - generic:
                  - link "Learn":
                    - /url: /en-eu/learn
                    - generic:
                      - generic: Learn
                - generic:
                  - generic:
                    - generic:
                      - strong: For trading beginners
                  - generic:
                    - generic:
                      - strong: For experienced traders
          - generic [ref=e55]:
            - link "About" [ref=e58] [cursor=pointer]:
              - /url: /en-eu/about-us
            - generic:
              - generic:
                - generic:
                  - link "About":
                    - /url: /en-eu/about-us
                    - generic:
                      - generic: About
                - generic:
                  - generic:
                    - generic:
                      - strong: About us
                  - generic:
                    - generic:
                      - strong: Get help
                  - generic:
                    - generic:
                      - strong: Work for us
                  - generic:
                    - link "Legal documentation":
                      - /url: /en-eu/terms-and-policies
                      - strong: Legal documentation
      - generic [ref=e59]:
        - generic [ref=e60]:
          - button "Log In" [ref=e61] [cursor=pointer]
          - button "Sign Up" [ref=e62] [cursor=pointer]
        - link "Open platform user":
          - /url: /trading/platform/
          - text: Open platform
          - img "user"
  - generic [ref=e63]:
    - paragraph [ref=e66]:
      - link "Home•" [ref=e67] [cursor=pointer]:
        - /url: /en-eu
      - text: Trading
    - generic [ref=e68]:
      - generic [ref=e72]:
        - generic [ref=e73]:
          - heading "Ways to trade" [level=1] [ref=e74]
          - generic [ref=e75]:
            - paragraph [ref=e76]: Get access to 5,000 markets, and two ways to trade, from a single account. Use CFDs for access to leverage, or knock-outs for defined risk upfront. Find out which could be right for you.
            - paragraph [ref=e77]:
              - strong [ref=e78]: Knock-out options available only for selected countries.
        - generic [ref=e79]:
          - button "Create account" [ref=e80] [cursor=pointer]
          - button "Try demo account" [ref=e81] [cursor=pointer]
      - generic [ref=e85]:
        - heading "Key differences" [level=2] [ref=e87]
        - table [ref=e90]:
          - rowgroup [ref=e91]:
            - row "CFDs Knock-outs" [ref=e92]:
              - columnheader "CFDs" [ref=e93]:
                - strong [ref=e94]: CFDs
              - columnheader "Knock-outs" [ref=e95]:
                - strong [ref=e96]: Knock-outs
            - row "Trade contracts on the difference between the opening and closing market price of a trade. • Manage risk yourself • Value moves with the market • Control a large trade for comparatively small outlay with leverage, for outsized risk or reward Learn more Trade options with a pre-defined risk profile and control over how much your trade costs. • Limited risk • Value moves with the market • Adjust your trade size and knock-out level to control your trade cost and exposure Learn more" [ref=e97]:
              - cell "Trade contracts on the difference between the opening and closing market price of a trade. • Manage risk yourself • Value moves with the market • Control a large trade for comparatively small outlay with leverage, for outsized risk or reward Learn more" [ref=e98]:
                - paragraph [ref=e99]: Trade contracts on the difference between the opening and closing market price of a trade.
                - list [ref=e100]:
                  - listitem [ref=e101]: • Manage risk yourself
                  - listitem [ref=e102]: • Value moves with the market
                  - listitem [ref=e103]: • Control a large trade for comparatively small outlay with leverage, for outsized risk or reward
                - paragraph [ref=e104]:
                  - link "Learn more" [ref=e105] [cursor=pointer]:
                    - /url: /en-eu/ways-to-trade/cfd-trading
              - cell "Trade options with a pre-defined risk profile and control over how much your trade costs. • Limited risk • Value moves with the market • Adjust your trade size and knock-out level to control your trade cost and exposure Learn more" [ref=e106]:
                - paragraph [ref=e107]: Trade options with a pre-defined risk profile and control over how much your trade costs.
                - list [ref=e108]:
                  - listitem [ref=e109]: • Limited risk
                  - listitem [ref=e110]: • Value moves with the market
                  - listitem [ref=e111]: • Adjust your trade size and knock-out level to control your trade cost and exposure
                - paragraph [ref=e112]:
                  - link "Learn more" [ref=e113] [cursor=pointer]:
                    - /url: /en-eu/ways-to-trade/knock-outs
      - generic [ref=e115]:
        - generic [ref=e116]:
          - 'heading "CFDs vs knock-outs: overview" [level=2] [ref=e117]'
          - generic [ref=e118]: Whether you prefer margin trading or fixed risk upfront, you can choose the product that suits your strategy.
        - table [ref=e121]:
          - rowgroup [ref=e122]:
            - row "CFDs Knock-outs" [ref=e123]:
              - columnheader [ref=e124]
              - columnheader "CFDs" [ref=e125]:
                - strong [ref=e126]: CFDs
              - columnheader "Knock-outs" [ref=e127]:
                - strong [ref=e128]: Knock-outs
            - row "What is it? A contract between you and us, to exchange the difference in price of a market between the open and close of a trade. An option – a type of derivative contract enabling you to trade on the price of an underlying market." [ref=e129]:
              - cell "What is it?" [ref=e130]:
                - strong [ref=e131]: What is it?
              - cell "A contract between you and us, to exchange the difference in price of a market between the open and close of a trade." [ref=e132]
              - cell "An option – a type of derivative contract enabling you to trade on the price of an underlying market." [ref=e133]
            - row "What markets can I trade? • Commodities • Indices • Crypto • Shares • Forex • ETFs • Bonds • Futures • Commodities • Indices • Crypto • Shares • Forex • ETFs • Bonds" [ref=e134]:
              - cell "What markets can I trade?" [ref=e135]:
                - strong [ref=e136]: What markets can I trade?
              - cell "• Commodities • Indices • Crypto • Shares • Forex • ETFs • Bonds • Futures" [ref=e137]:
                - list [ref=e138]:
                  - listitem [ref=e139]: • Commodities
                  - listitem [ref=e140]: • Indices
                  - listitem [ref=e141]: • Crypto
                  - listitem [ref=e142]: • Shares
                  - listitem [ref=e143]: • Forex
                  - listitem [ref=e144]: • ETFs
                  - listitem [ref=e145]: • Bonds
                  - listitem [ref=e146]: • Futures
              - cell "• Commodities • Indices • Crypto • Shares • Forex • ETFs • Bonds" [ref=e147]:
                - list [ref=e148]:
                  - listitem [ref=e149]: • Commodities
                  - listitem [ref=e150]: • Indices
                  - listitem [ref=e151]: • Crypto
                  - listitem [ref=e152]: • Shares
                  - listitem [ref=e153]: • Forex
                  - listitem [ref=e154]: • ETFs
                  - listitem [ref=e155]: • Bonds
            - row "Do I have to own any assets? No, you can just speculate on prices. No." [ref=e156]:
              - cell "Do I have to own any assets?" [ref=e157]:
                - strong [ref=e158]: Do I have to own any assets?
              - cell "No, you can just speculate on prices." [ref=e159]
              - cell "No." [ref=e160]
            - row "Can I trade falling markets? Yes. Yes." [ref=e161]:
              - cell "Can I trade falling markets?" [ref=e162]:
                - strong [ref=e163]: Can I trade falling markets?
              - cell "Yes." [ref=e164]
              - cell "Yes." [ref=e165]
            - row "Is it limited-risk? Not automatically, but you can manage risk yourself with in-platform tools. Yes, risk management is built into every trade." [ref=e166]:
              - cell "Is it limited-risk?" [ref=e167]:
                - strong [ref=e168]: Is it limited-risk?
              - cell "Not automatically, but you can manage risk yourself with in-platform tools." [ref=e169]
              - cell "Yes, risk management is built into every trade." [ref=e170]
            - row "Can I use leverage? Yes, to the limit set by your regulator. No, but you do have control over your exposure." [ref=e171]:
              - cell "Can I use leverage?" [ref=e172]:
                - strong [ref=e173]: Can I use leverage?
              - cell "Yes, to the limit set by your regulator." [ref=e174]
              - cell "No, but you do have control over your exposure." [ref=e175]
      - generic [ref=e177]:
        - generic [ref=e178]:
          - 'heading "CFDs vs knock-outs: in depth" [level=2] [ref=e179]'
          - generic [ref=e180]: Get a deeper look at features, costs and mechanics – then choose the approach that best fits you.
        - generic [ref=e181]:
          - table [ref=e183]:
            - rowgroup [ref=e184]:
              - row "CFD Knock-out" [ref=e185]:
                - columnheader [ref=e186]
                - columnheader "CFD" [ref=e187]:
                  - strong [ref=e188]: CFD
                - columnheader "Knock-out" [ref=e189]:
                  - strong [ref=e190]: Knock-out
              - row "How does market movement affect its value? A CFD’s value moves with the underlying market. Higher leverage means you can control a larger trade with less capital – so even small market moves can have a bigger impact on your profit or loss. A knock-out’s value moves with the underlying market. How much your trade’s value is affected depends on how many options you buy, and where you place your knock-out level." [ref=e191]:
                - cell "How does market movement affect its value?" [ref=e192]:
                  - strong [ref=e193]: How does market movement affect its value?
                - cell "A CFD’s value moves with the underlying market. Higher leverage means you can control a larger trade with less capital – so even small market moves can have a bigger impact on your profit or loss." [ref=e194]
                - cell "A knock-out’s value moves with the underlying market. How much your trade’s value is affected depends on how many options you buy, and where you place your knock-out level." [ref=e195]
              - row "Can I trade on falling markets (go short)? Yes. You can buy to open if you think a market will rise, and sell to open if you think a market will fall. Yes. You can buy a 'Call’ option if you think a market will rise, or buy a ‘Put’ option if you think a market will fall." [ref=e196]:
                - cell "Can I trade on falling markets (go short)?" [ref=e197]:
                  - strong [ref=e198]: Can I trade on falling markets (go short)?
                - cell "Yes. You can buy to open if you think a market will rise, and sell to open if you think a market will fall." [ref=e199]
                - cell "Yes. You can buy a 'Call’ option if you think a market will rise, or buy a ‘Put’ option if you think a market will fall." [ref=e200]
              - row "Are trades limited-risk? No. Your maximum risk is technically the entire balance of your account. However, you can protect against risk by adding guaranteed stops, stop-losses (not guaranteed against slippage) and take-profit orders. You’ll be charged if your guaranteed stop is hit. Yes. Risk management is built into knock-outs. You’ll choose a knock-out level for each trade before you open. It works a bit like a guaranteed stop, and also enables you to control how far your money goes. Move the knock-out level closer to the market price, and your trade will be cheaper to open – with the same upside potential as a more expensive trade. However, you’re more likely to be knocked out. If the market hits the knock-out level, your trade will be knocked out – but your maximum risk is only ever the amount you paid to open (plus any negative funding adjustments if you hold your trade overnight)." [ref=e201]:
                - cell "Are trades limited-risk?" [ref=e202]:
                  - strong [ref=e203]: Are trades limited-risk?
                - cell "No. Your maximum risk is technically the entire balance of your account. However, you can protect against risk by adding guaranteed stops, stop-losses (not guaranteed against slippage) and take-profit orders. You’ll be charged if your guaranteed stop is hit." [ref=e204]:
                  - paragraph [ref=e205]: No. Your maximum risk is technically the entire balance of your account.
                  - paragraph [ref=e206]: However, you can protect against risk by adding guaranteed stops, stop-losses (not guaranteed against slippage) and take-profit orders.
                  - paragraph [ref=e207]: You’ll be charged if your guaranteed stop is hit.
                - cell "Yes. Risk management is built into knock-outs. You’ll choose a knock-out level for each trade before you open. It works a bit like a guaranteed stop, and also enables you to control how far your money goes. Move the knock-out level closer to the market price, and your trade will be cheaper to open – with the same upside potential as a more expensive trade. However, you’re more likely to be knocked out. If the market hits the knock-out level, your trade will be knocked out – but your maximum risk is only ever the amount you paid to open (plus any negative funding adjustments if you hold your trade overnight)." [ref=e208]:
                  - paragraph [ref=e209]: Yes. Risk management is built into knock-outs.
                  - paragraph [ref=e210]: You’ll choose a knock-out level for each trade before you open. It works a bit like a guaranteed stop, and also enables you to control how far your money goes.
                  - paragraph [ref=e211]: Move the knock-out level closer to the market price, and your trade will be cheaper to open – with the same upside potential as a more expensive trade. However, you’re more likely to be knocked out.
                  - paragraph [ref=e212]: If the market hits the knock-out level, your trade will be knocked out – but your maximum risk is only ever the amount you paid to open (plus any negative funding adjustments if you hold your trade overnight).
              - row "Can I use leverage? Yes. When you open a trade, you’ll only put up a fraction of its full value – margin – to open, giving you access to leverage. Remember that trading with leverage can result in large, fast losses as well as gains. No, but you do have control over how far your money goes. Move the knock-out level closer to the opening market price, and you’ll pay less to open your trade. This will give you the same upside exposure as a more expensive trade, for a lower initial payment." [ref=e213]:
                - cell "Can I use leverage?" [ref=e214]:
                  - strong [ref=e215]: Can I use leverage?
                - cell "Yes. When you open a trade, you’ll only put up a fraction of its full value – margin – to open, giving you access to leverage. Remember that trading with leverage can result in large, fast losses as well as gains." [ref=e216]:
                  - paragraph [ref=e217]: Yes. When you open a trade, you’ll only put up a fraction of its full value – margin – to open, giving you access to leverage.
                  - paragraph [ref=e218]: Remember that trading with leverage can result in large, fast losses as well as gains.
                - cell "No, but you do have control over how far your money goes. Move the knock-out level closer to the opening market price, and you’ll pay less to open your trade. This will give you the same upside exposure as a more expensive trade, for a lower initial payment." [ref=e219]:
                  - paragraph [ref=e220]: No, but you do have control over how far your money goes.
                  - paragraph [ref=e221]: Move the knock-out level closer to the opening market price, and you’ll pay less to open your trade.
                  - paragraph [ref=e222]: This will give you the same upside exposure as a more expensive trade, for a lower initial payment.
              - row "Will I have to pay any fees? Yes. You’ll always pay the spread, our charge for executing your trade. Depending on your trade, you may pay other fees, like guaranteed stop premiums or overnight funding admin fees. Find out more about our fees. Yes. You’ll always pay the spread, our charge for executing your trade. You’ll also pay the knock-out fee – our charge for protecting the trade against slippage – when you open. But you’ll get this back if you close your trade before it gets knocked out. Depending on your trade, you may pay other fees, like overnight funding admin fees.Find out more about our fees." [ref=e223]:
                - cell "Will I have to pay any fees?" [ref=e224]:
                  - strong [ref=e225]: Will I have to pay any fees?
                - cell "Yes. You’ll always pay the spread, our charge for executing your trade. Depending on your trade, you may pay other fees, like guaranteed stop premiums or overnight funding admin fees. Find out more about our fees." [ref=e226]:
                  - paragraph [ref=e227]:
                    - text: Yes. You’ll always pay the
                    - strong [ref=e228]: spread
                    - text: ", our charge for executing your trade."
                  - paragraph [ref=e229]: Depending on your trade, you may pay other fees, like guaranteed stop premiums or overnight funding admin fees.
                  - paragraph [ref=e230]:
                    - text: Find out more about
                    - link "our fees" [ref=e231] [cursor=pointer]:
                      - /url: /en-eu/ways-to-trade/fees-and-charges
                    - text: .
                - cell "Yes. You’ll always pay the spread, our charge for executing your trade. You’ll also pay the knock-out fee – our charge for protecting the trade against slippage – when you open. But you’ll get this back if you close your trade before it gets knocked out. Depending on your trade, you may pay other fees, like overnight funding admin fees.Find out more about our fees." [ref=e232]:
                  - paragraph [ref=e233]:
                    - text: Yes. You’ll always pay the
                    - strong [ref=e234]: spread
                    - text: ", our charge for executing your trade."
                  - paragraph [ref=e235]:
                    - text: You’ll also pay the
                    - strong [ref=e236]: knock-out fee
                    - text: – our charge for protecting the trade against slippage – when you open. But you’ll get this back if you close your trade before it gets knocked out.
                  - paragraph [ref=e237]:
                    - text: Depending on your trade, you may pay other fees, like overnight funding admin fees.Find out more about
                    - link "our fees" [ref=e238] [cursor=pointer]:
                      - /url: /en-eu/ways-to-trade/fees-and-charges
                    - text: .
          - paragraph [ref=e239]
      - generic [ref=e241]:
        - generic [ref=e242]:
          - heading "Experience 0.03-second execution*" [level=2] [ref=e243]
          - paragraph [ref=e245]: Trade on our fast, intuitive platform. From price alerts to 100+ technical tools, get everything you need, all in one place.
        - generic [ref=e246]:
          - generic [ref=e247]:
            - generic [ref=e248]:
              - generic [ref=e249]:
                - heading "Web platform" [level=2] [ref=e250]
                - paragraph [ref=e252]: Get the full-screen Capital.com experience from your desktop.
              - link "Learn more" [ref=e254] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: /en-eu/trading-platforms/web-platform
            - img "Image" [ref=e257]
          - generic [ref=e258]:
            - generic [ref=e259]:
              - generic [ref=e260]:
                - heading "Mobile app" [level=2] [ref=e261]
                - paragraph [ref=e263]: Trade our full range of markets from your device, wherever you are.
              - generic [ref=e265]:
                - img "QR code" [ref=e266]
                - generic [ref=e267]: Scan to Download
            - img "Image" [ref=e270]
      - generic [ref=e272]:
        - generic [ref=e273]:
          - heading "Need help?" [level=2] [ref=e274]
          - generic [ref=e275]: Use our self-service support centre, or contact our helpful team in the way that suits you.
        - generic [ref=e276]:
          - generic [ref=e278]:
            - heading "Find an answer" [level=3] [ref=e279]
            - paragraph [ref=e281]: Explore topics around trading accounts, transactions, our platform and more.
            - link "Get started" [ref=e282] [cursor=pointer]:
              - /url: /en-eu/help
              - generic [ref=e283]: Get started
          - generic [ref=e285]:
            - heading "Contact us" [level=3] [ref=e286]
            - paragraph [ref=e288]: Speak to one of our team – in English 24/7, 10 more languages in office hours.
            - link "Contact us" [ref=e289] [cursor=pointer]:
              - /url: /en-eu/contact-us
              - generic [ref=e290]: Contact us
      - generic [ref=e291]:
        - generic [ref=e293]:
          - heading "Read our reviews to find out more about us" [level=2] [ref=e294]
          - generic [ref=e295]:
            - text: Read the feedback from our clients
            - superscript [ref=e296]: "1"
            - text: ", whatever their experience level."
        - generic [ref=e297]:
          - region [ref=e298]:
            - generic [ref=e300]:
              - group [ref=e301]:
                - link [ref=e302] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                  - generic [ref=e304]: 2025-07-01
                  - strong [ref=e305]: P**** R******
                  - paragraph [ref=e307]: I'm learning the basics of stock investing. This platform is clear and pretty good. I've been using it for over 6 months.
              - group [ref=e309]:
                - link [ref=e310] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                  - generic [ref=e312]: 2025-07-01
                  - strong [ref=e313]: V***** F******* N***** S****
                  - paragraph [ref=e315]: Great customer service I got to say that. They helped get my account back very fast, after i logged myself out by losing my old email, it was so fast you wouldn’t believe it thank you once again.
              - group [ref=e317]:
                - link [ref=e318] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                  - generic [ref=e320]: 2025-06-30
                  - strong [ref=e321]: B******
                  - paragraph [ref=e323]: Everything worked as expected from the 1 day. I didn’t have to search how to use the platform, it’s intuitive. The support chat was there when I had a tiny issue.
              - group [ref=e325]:
                - link [ref=e326] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                  - generic [ref=e328]: 2025-06-27
                  - strong [ref=e329]: G** G******
                  - paragraph [ref=e331]: Capital.com has been great for both learning and trading. The app is clean, fast, and packed with useful tools. Customer support has been solid too. Definitely recommended for beginners and active traders alike.
              - group [ref=e333]:
                - link [ref=e334] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
                  - generic [ref=e336]: 2025-06-24
                  - strong [ref=e337]: R**************
                  - paragraph [ref=e339]: I trade every day and Capital is my beloved home. I also create music and you can always feel when something has been created from the heart. Capital has soul!
              - group [ref=e341]:
                - link [ref=e342] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                  - generic [ref=e344]: 2025-06-22
                  - strong [ref=e345]: J*** A.
                  - paragraph [ref=e347]: The app is built to make options and figures easy to understand, great for beginners and intermediate traders. Demo accounts are simple to set up. 100:1 leverage is available.
              - group [ref=e349]:
                - link [ref=e350] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                  - generic [ref=e352]: 2025-06-22
                  - strong [ref=e353]: D******
                  - paragraph [ref=e355]: Deposits and withdrawals work without issues. Very low spreads. No noticeable fees. Easy to follow.
              - group [ref=e357]:
                - link [ref=e358] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
                  - generic [ref=e360]: 2025-06-19
                  - strong [ref=e361]: d*********
                  - paragraph [ref=e363]: I would like to express a huge thank you to Evgeniya Logvinovich, customer service manager. For your attention and heartfelt attitude to your clients.❤️
              - group [ref=e365]:
                - link [ref=e366] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
                  - generic [ref=e368]: 2025-06-16
                  - strong [ref=e369]: f*********
                  - paragraph [ref=e371]: I am extremely happy with this broker. Great spreads, good selection of instruments, well coded toolbox.
              - group [ref=e373]:
                - link [ref=e374] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
                  - generic [ref=e376]: 2025-05-29
                  - strong [ref=e377]: C*********
                  - paragraph [ref=e379]: Love the TV integration. Makes traders life smooth and comfortable.
              - group [ref=e381]:
                - link [ref=e382] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
                  - generic [ref=e384]: 2025-05-20
                  - strong [ref=e385]: G****
                  - paragraph [ref=e387]: I’d been paper trading for 2yrs now, went live and this platform is easy for beginners to understand and navigate all important tools to execute all that I learned. Earning now!
              - group [ref=e389]:
                - link [ref=e390] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://app.appsflyer.com/com.capital.trading
                  - generic [ref=e392]: 2025-04-29
                  - strong [ref=e393]: d******
                  - paragraph [ref=e395]: This application is perfect.. simple, easy to use, run smoothly and fast and it has an accurate graphics.. be careful to use only one credit card and one bank account to prevent any withdrawal problem.. overnight fees and spread variation will be repaid for you by the next month.. I used many application but this is the best one
              - group [ref=e397]:
                - link [ref=e398] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                  - generic [ref=e400]: 2025-02-06
                  - strong [ref=e401]: N***** B***
                  - paragraph [ref=e403]: User friendly app & interface and good support team. Funds transfer ease & Leverage is an advantage but crypto is highly risky be responsible of your loss limits and risks appetite.
              - group "1 of 13" [ref=e405]:
                - link "2025-07-01 P**** R****** I'm learning the basics of stock investing. This platform is clear and pretty good. I've been using it for over 6 months." [ref=e406] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                  - generic [ref=e408]: 2025-07-01
                  - strong [ref=e409]: P**** R******
                  - paragraph [ref=e411]: I'm learning the basics of stock investing. This platform is clear and pretty good. I've been using it for over 6 months.
              - group "2 of 13" [ref=e413]:
                - link "2025-07-01 V***** F******* N***** S**** Great customer service I got to say that. They helped get my account back very fast, after i logged myself out by losing my old email, it was so fast you wouldn’t believe it thank you once again." [ref=e414] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                  - generic [ref=e416]: 2025-07-01
                  - strong [ref=e417]: V***** F******* N***** S****
                  - paragraph [ref=e419]: Great customer service I got to say that. They helped get my account back very fast, after i logged myself out by losing my old email, it was so fast you wouldn’t believe it thank you once again.
              - group "3 of 13" [ref=e421]:
                - link "2025-06-30 B****** Everything worked as expected from the 1 day. I didn’t have to search how to use the platform, it’s intuitive. The support chat was there when I had a tiny issue." [ref=e422] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                  - generic [ref=e424]: 2025-06-30
                  - strong [ref=e425]: B******
                  - paragraph [ref=e427]: Everything worked as expected from the 1 day. I didn’t have to search how to use the platform, it’s intuitive. The support chat was there when I had a tiny issue.
              - group [ref=e429]:
                - link [ref=e430] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                  - generic [ref=e432]: 2025-06-27
                  - strong [ref=e433]: G** G******
                  - paragraph [ref=e435]: Capital.com has been great for both learning and trading. The app is clean, fast, and packed with useful tools. Customer support has been solid too. Definitely recommended for beginners and active traders alike.
              - group [ref=e437]:
                - link [ref=e438] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
                  - generic [ref=e440]: 2025-06-24
                  - strong [ref=e441]: R**************
                  - paragraph [ref=e443]: I trade every day and Capital is my beloved home. I also create music and you can always feel when something has been created from the heart. Capital has soul!
              - group [ref=e445]:
                - link [ref=e446] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                  - generic [ref=e448]: 2025-06-22
                  - strong [ref=e449]: J*** A.
                  - paragraph [ref=e451]: The app is built to make options and figures easy to understand, great for beginners and intermediate traders. Demo accounts are simple to set up. 100:1 leverage is available.
              - group [ref=e453]:
                - link [ref=e454] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                  - generic [ref=e456]: 2025-06-22
                  - strong [ref=e457]: D******
                  - paragraph [ref=e459]: Deposits and withdrawals work without issues. Very low spreads. No noticeable fees. Easy to follow.
              - group [ref=e461]:
                - link [ref=e462] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
                  - generic [ref=e464]: 2025-06-19
                  - strong [ref=e465]: d*********
                  - paragraph [ref=e467]: I would like to express a huge thank you to Evgeniya Logvinovich, customer service manager. For your attention and heartfelt attitude to your clients.❤️
              - group [ref=e469]:
                - link [ref=e470] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
                  - generic [ref=e472]: 2025-06-16
                  - strong [ref=e473]: f*********
                  - paragraph [ref=e475]: I am extremely happy with this broker. Great spreads, good selection of instruments, well coded toolbox.
              - group [ref=e477]:
                - link [ref=e478] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
                  - generic [ref=e480]: 2025-05-29
                  - strong [ref=e481]: C*********
                  - paragraph [ref=e483]: Love the TV integration. Makes traders life smooth and comfortable.
              - group [ref=e485]:
                - link [ref=e486] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
                  - generic [ref=e488]: 2025-05-20
                  - strong [ref=e489]: G****
                  - paragraph [ref=e491]: I’d been paper trading for 2yrs now, went live and this platform is easy for beginners to understand and navigate all important tools to execute all that I learned. Earning now!
              - group [ref=e493]:
                - link [ref=e494] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://app.appsflyer.com/com.capital.trading?cp_device_id=d35707a2-1add-4b64-b9f4-20c1233565f0&af_js_web=true&af_ss_ver=2_9_0&pid=organic_web&af_ss_ui=true
                  - generic [ref=e496]: 2025-04-29
                  - strong [ref=e497]: d******
                  - paragraph [ref=e499]: This application is perfect.. simple, easy to use, run smoothly and fast and it has an accurate graphics.. be careful to use only one credit card and one bank account to prevent any withdrawal problem.. overnight fees and spread variation will be repaid for you by the next month.. I used many application but this is the best one
              - group [ref=e501]:
                - link [ref=e502] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                  - generic [ref=e504]: 2025-02-06
                  - strong [ref=e505]: N***** B***
                  - paragraph [ref=e507]: User friendly app & interface and good support team. Funds transfer ease & Leverage is an advantage but crypto is highly risky be responsible of your loss limits and risks appetite.
              - group [ref=e509]:
                - link [ref=e510] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                  - generic [ref=e512]: 2025-07-01
                  - strong [ref=e513]: P**** R******
                  - paragraph [ref=e515]: I'm learning the basics of stock investing. This platform is clear and pretty good. I've been using it for over 6 months.
              - group [ref=e517]:
                - link [ref=e518] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                  - generic [ref=e520]: 2025-07-01
                  - strong [ref=e521]: V***** F******* N***** S****
                  - paragraph [ref=e523]: Great customer service I got to say that. They helped get my account back very fast, after i logged myself out by losing my old email, it was so fast you wouldn’t believe it thank you once again.
              - group [ref=e525]:
                - link [ref=e526] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                  - generic [ref=e528]: 2025-06-30
                  - strong [ref=e529]: B******
                  - paragraph [ref=e531]: Everything worked as expected from the 1 day. I didn’t have to search how to use the platform, it’s intuitive. The support chat was there when I had a tiny issue.
              - group [ref=e533]:
                - link [ref=e534] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                  - generic [ref=e536]: 2025-06-27
                  - strong [ref=e537]: G** G******
                  - paragraph [ref=e539]: Capital.com has been great for both learning and trading. The app is clean, fast, and packed with useful tools. Customer support has been solid too. Definitely recommended for beginners and active traders alike.
              - group [ref=e541]:
                - link [ref=e542] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
                  - generic [ref=e544]: 2025-06-24
                  - strong [ref=e545]: R**************
                  - paragraph [ref=e547]: I trade every day and Capital is my beloved home. I also create music and you can always feel when something has been created from the heart. Capital has soul!
              - group [ref=e549]:
                - link [ref=e550] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                  - generic [ref=e552]: 2025-06-22
                  - strong [ref=e553]: J*** A.
                  - paragraph [ref=e555]: The app is built to make options and figures easy to understand, great for beginners and intermediate traders. Demo accounts are simple to set up. 100:1 leverage is available.
              - group [ref=e557]:
                - link [ref=e558] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                  - generic [ref=e560]: 2025-06-22
                  - strong [ref=e561]: D******
                  - paragraph [ref=e563]: Deposits and withdrawals work without issues. Very low spreads. No noticeable fees. Easy to follow.
              - group [ref=e565]:
                - link [ref=e566] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
                  - generic [ref=e568]: 2025-06-19
                  - strong [ref=e569]: d*********
                  - paragraph [ref=e571]: I would like to express a huge thank you to Evgeniya Logvinovich, customer service manager. For your attention and heartfelt attitude to your clients.❤️
              - group [ref=e573]:
                - link [ref=e574] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
                  - generic [ref=e576]: 2025-06-16
                  - strong [ref=e577]: f*********
                  - paragraph [ref=e579]: I am extremely happy with this broker. Great spreads, good selection of instruments, well coded toolbox.
              - group [ref=e581]:
                - link [ref=e582] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
                  - generic [ref=e584]: 2025-05-29
                  - strong [ref=e585]: C*********
                  - paragraph [ref=e587]: Love the TV integration. Makes traders life smooth and comfortable.
              - group [ref=e589]:
                - link [ref=e590] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
                  - generic [ref=e592]: 2025-05-20
                  - strong [ref=e593]: G****
                  - paragraph [ref=e595]: I’d been paper trading for 2yrs now, went live and this platform is easy for beginners to understand and navigate all important tools to execute all that I learned. Earning now!
              - group [ref=e597]:
                - link [ref=e598] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://app.appsflyer.com/com.capital.trading
                  - generic [ref=e600]: 2025-04-29
                  - strong [ref=e601]: d******
                  - paragraph [ref=e603]: This application is perfect.. simple, easy to use, run smoothly and fast and it has an accurate graphics.. be careful to use only one credit card and one bank account to prevent any withdrawal problem.. overnight fees and spread variation will be repaid for you by the next month.. I used many application but this is the best one
              - group [ref=e605]:
                - link [ref=e606] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                  - generic [ref=e608]: 2025-02-06
                  - strong [ref=e609]: N***** B***
                  - paragraph [ref=e611]: User friendly app & interface and good support team. Funds transfer ease & Leverage is an advantage but crypto is highly risky be responsible of your loss limits and risks appetite.
            - generic:
              - button "Go to last slide" [ref=e613] [cursor=pointer]
              - button "Next slide" [ref=e614] [cursor=pointer]
          - paragraph [ref=e615]: Showing our 4 & 5 star reviews. The specific details of the user have been intentionally anonymised to safeguard their privacy pursuant to GDPR requirements.
        - generic [ref=e617]:
          - link "4.8" [ref=e618] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
            - strong [ref=e621]: "4.8"
          - link "Ratings and Reviews 4.7" [ref=e624] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: https://app.appsflyer.com/id1230088754?cp_device_id=d35707a2-1add-4b64-b9f4-20c1233565f0&af_js_web=true&af_ss_ver=2_9_0&pid=organic_web&af_ss_ui=true
            - strong [ref=e626]: Ratings and Reviews
            - strong [ref=e628]: "4.7"
          - link "Ratings and Reviews 4.6" [ref=e631] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: https://app.appsflyer.com/com.capital.trading?cp_device_id=d35707a2-1add-4b64-b9f4-20c1233565f0&af_js_web=true&af_ss_ver=2_9_0&pid=organic_web&af_ss_ui=true
            - strong [ref=e633]: Ratings and Reviews
            - strong [ref=e635]: "4.6"
          - link "4.6" [ref=e638] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
            - strong [ref=e641]: "4.6"
      - generic [ref=e645]:
        - paragraph [ref=e646]:
          - superscript [ref=e647]: "1"
          - text: Information presented relates to Capital Com Group.
        - paragraph [ref=e648]: "*Internal servers, July 2025"
      - generic [ref=e651]:
        - generic [ref=e652]:
          - heading "Ready to join a leading broker?" [level=2] [ref=e653]
          - generic [ref=e654]: Join our community of traders worldwide
        - generic [ref=e655]:
          - button [ref=e657] [cursor=pointer]
          - generic [ref=e660]: 1. Create your account
          - generic [ref=e661]: 2. Make your first deposit
          - generic [ref=e662]: 3. Start trading
  - contentinfo [ref=e664]:
    - generic [ref=e665]:
      - link [ref=e666] [cursor=pointer]:
        - /url: /en-eu
        - img [ref=e667]
      - generic [ref=e675]:
        - link [ref=e676] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: https://www.linkedin.com/company/capital.com/
        - link [ref=e677] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: https://www.youtube.com/@Capitaltrading/videos
      - generic [ref=e678]:
        - link [ref=e679] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: https://app.appsflyer.com/id1230088754?cp_device_id=d35707a2-1add-4b64-b9f4-20c1233565f0&af_js_web=true&af_ss_ver=2_9_0&pid=organic_web&af_ss_ui=true
        - link [ref=e680] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: https://app.appsflyer.com/com.capital.trading?cp_device_id=d35707a2-1add-4b64-b9f4-20c1233565f0&af_js_web=true&af_ss_ver=2_9_0&pid=organic_web&af_ss_ui=true
        - link [ref=e681] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: https://app.appsflyer.com/com.capital.trading.huawei-huawei?cp_device_id=d35707a2-1add-4b64-b9f4-20c1233565f0&af_js_web=true&af_ss_ver=2_9_0&pid=organic_web&af_ss_ui=true
    - generic [ref=e682]:
      - generic [ref=e683]:
        - generic [ref=e684]:
          - generic [ref=e685]:
            - generic [ref=e686]: "Country / Region:"
            - button "Germany" [ref=e687] [cursor=pointer]: Germany
          - generic [ref=e689]: •
          - generic [ref=e690]:
            - generic [ref=e691]: "Language:"
            - button "English" [ref=e692] [cursor=pointer]
        - generic [ref=e693]:
          - generic [ref=e694]: "Also you can contact us:"
          - link "+357 25123646" [ref=e697] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: tel:+357 25123646
          - generic [ref=e698]: •
          - link "support@capital.com" [ref=e700] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: mailto:support@capital.com
      - generic [ref=e701]:
        - generic [ref=e702]:
          - link "Trading" [ref=e704] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: /en-eu/ways-to-trade
            - strong [ref=e705]: Trading
          - generic [ref=e706]:
            - generic [ref=e707]:
              - generic [ref=e708]: Ways to trade
              - generic [ref=e709]:
                - link "CFD trading" [ref=e711] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/ways-to-trade/cfd-trading
                - link "Knock-outs" [ref=e713] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/ways-to-trade/knock-outs
            - generic [ref=e714]:
              - generic [ref=e715]: Trading platforms
              - generic [ref=e716]:
                - link "All platforms" [ref=e718] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/trading-platforms
                - link "Web platform" [ref=e720] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/trading-platforms/web-platform
                - link "TradingView" [ref=e722] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/trading-platforms/trading-view
                - link "Mobile apps" [ref=e724] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/trading-platforms/mobile-apps
                - link "MT4" [ref=e726] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/trading-platforms/mt4
                - link "API documentation" [ref=e728] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/trading-platforms/api-development-guide
                - link "MT5" [ref=e730] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/trading-platforms/mt5
            - generic [ref=e731]:
              - generic [ref=e732]: Trading info
              - generic [ref=e733]:
                - link "Margin Calls" [ref=e735] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/ways-to-trade/margin-calls
                - link "How withdrawals work" [ref=e737] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/ways-to-trade/how-withdrawals-work
                - link "Fraud prevention" [ref=e739] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/ways-to-trade/fraud-awareness
            - generic [ref=e740]:
              - generic [ref=e741]: Trading tools
              - generic [ref=e742]:
                - link "CFD calculator" [ref=e744] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/ways-to-trade/cfd-trading/cfd-calculator
                - link "Demo trading" [ref=e746] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/trading-platforms/demo-account
        - generic [ref=e747]:
          - link "Markets" [ref=e749] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: /en-eu/markets
            - strong [ref=e750]: Markets
          - generic [ref=e751]:
            - generic [ref=e752]:
              - generic [ref=e753]: Our markets
              - generic [ref=e754]:
                - link "Forex" [ref=e756] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/markets/forex
                - link "Shares" [ref=e758] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/markets/shares
                - link "Indices" [ref=e760] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/markets/indices
                - link "Commodities" [ref=e762] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/markets/commodities
                - link "Cryptocurrencies" [ref=e764] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/markets/cryptocurrencies
            - generic [ref=e765]:
              - generic [ref=e766]: Market updates
              - link "Market analysis" [ref=e769] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: /en-eu/analysis
            - link "All Markets & Instruments" [ref=e771] [cursor=pointer]:
              - /url: /en-eu/markets-and-instruments-sitemap
        - generic [ref=e772]:
          - link "Pricing" [ref=e774] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: /en-eu/ways-to-trade/fees-and-charges
            - strong [ref=e775]: Pricing
          - generic [ref=e777]:
            - generic [ref=e778]: Pricing
            - generic [ref=e779]:
              - link "Charges and fees" [ref=e781] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: /en-eu/ways-to-trade/fees-and-charges
              - link "Our business model" [ref=e783] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: /en-eu/about-us/how-capital-makes-money
              - link "Capital.com's pricing" [ref=e785] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: /en-eu/ways-to-trade/pricing
              - link "Markets pricing" [ref=e787] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: /en-eu/about-us/how-our-markets-are-priced
        - generic [ref=e788]:
          - link "Learn" [ref=e790] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: /en-eu/learn
            - strong [ref=e791]: Learn
          - generic [ref=e792]:
            - generic [ref=e793]:
              - generic [ref=e794]: For trading beginners
              - generic [ref=e795]:
                - link "Trading Essentials" [ref=e797] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/learn/essentials
                - link "Risk-management" [ref=e799] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/learn/risk-management
                - link "Market guides" [ref=e801] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/learn/market-guides
                - link "Demo trading" [ref=e803] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/trading-platforms/demo-account
                - link "Stock course" [ref=e805] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/learn/stock-course
                - link "Indices course" [ref=e807] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/learn/indices-course
                - link "Crypto course" [ref=e809] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/learn/crypto-course
                - link "Commodity course" [ref=e811] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/learn/commodity-course
                - link "Forex course" [ref=e813] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/learn/forex-course
                - link "Investmate app" [ref=e815] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/learn/investmate-trading-app
                - link "Glossary" [ref=e817] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/learn/glossary
            - generic [ref=e818]:
              - generic [ref=e819]: For experienced traders
              - generic [ref=e820]:
                - link "Trading Strategies" [ref=e822] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/learn/trading-strategies
                - link "Technical analysis" [ref=e824] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/learn/technical-analysis
                - link "Market analysis" [ref=e826] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/analysis
                - link "Trading Psychology" [ref=e828] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/learn/trading-psychology
                - link "IPO Trading" [ref=e830] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/learn/ipo
        - generic [ref=e831]:
          - link "About" [ref=e833] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: /en-eu/about-us
            - strong [ref=e834]: About
          - generic [ref=e835]:
            - generic [ref=e836]:
              - generic [ref=e837]: About us
              - generic [ref=e838]:
                - link "Leadership team" [ref=e840] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/about-us/our-leadership
                - link "Why Capital.com?" [ref=e842] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/why-capital
                - link "Our history" [ref=e844] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/about-us/our-history
                - link "Our offices" [ref=e846] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/about-us/our-offices
                - link "Contact us" [ref=e848] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/contact-us
                - link "Press releases" [ref=e850] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/media-centre
                - link "Is capital.com safe?" [ref=e852] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/security-measures
                - link "Investor Relations" [ref=e854] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/about-us/investor-relations
                - link "Careers" [ref=e856] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/about-us/careers
                - link "Viktor Prokopenya" [ref=e858] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/about-us/viktor-prokopenya
            - generic [ref=e859]:
              - generic [ref=e860]: Get help
              - generic [ref=e861]:
                - link "Help" [ref=e863] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/help
                - link "Client vulnerability" [ref=e865] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/help/client-vulnerability
            - generic [ref=e866]:
              - generic [ref=e867]: Work for us
              - link "Careers" [ref=e870] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: /en-eu/about-us/careers
            - generic [ref=e871]:
              - link "Legal documentation" [ref=e872] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: /en-eu/terms-and-policies
              - generic [ref=e873]:
                - link "Terms and policies" [ref=e875] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/terms-and-policies
                - link "Complaints Procedure (CCSV)" [ref=e877] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/terms-and-policies/complaints-procedure
    - generic [ref=e879]:
      - paragraph [ref=e880]:
        - text: CFDs are complex instruments and come with a high risk of losing money rapidly due to leverage.
        - generic [ref=e881]:
          - generic [ref=e882]:
            - strong [ref=e883]: 69% of retail investor accounts lose money when trading CFDs with this provider
            - text: .
          - text: You should consider whether you understand how CFDs work and whether you can afford to take the high risk of losing your money. Please refer to our
          - link "Risk Disclosure Statement" [ref=e884] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: https://capital.com/risk-disclosure-policy
      - paragraph [ref=e885]:
        - text: "Risk warning: The value of shares and ETFs bought through a share dealing account can fall as well as rise, which could mean getting back less than you originally put in. Past performance is no guarantee of future results."
        - text: Transactions in non-deliverable over-the-counter instruments, such as knock-out options and CFDs are complex financial products that carry a high risk of losing all invested capital. Such products are not suitable for all investors, as they may lead to both gains and significant losses. Before engaging in this type of trading, you should carefully consider whether you understand how these instruments work and whether you can afford to take the high risk of losing your money. Knock-out options available only for residents of Romania, Austria and Sweden.
        - text: For professional clients, there is a risk of losing more than the initial deposit. The information on this website is general in nature and does not consider your financial situation, objectives or needs. Please review our legal documents and ensure you fully understand the risks before making any trading decisions. We encourage you to use the training services of our company to better understand the risks before engaging in trading operations.
      - paragraph [ref=e886]
      - paragraph [ref=e887]: "Capital Com SV Investments Limited is a company incorporated in the Republic of Cyprus with registration number HE 354252 and is authorised and regulated by the Cyprus Securities and Exchange Commission (License Number 319/17). Registered Office: Vasileiou Makedonos 8, Kinnis Business Center, 2nd floor, 3040, Limassol, Cyprus."
      - paragraph [ref=e888]: The information on this site is not directed at residents of the United States, Canada and Belgium or any particular country outside the EEA, and is not intended for distribution to or use by, any person in any country or jurisdiction where such distribution or use would be contrary to local law or regulation.
    - generic [ref=e889]:
      - paragraph [ref=e890]: © 2025 Capital Com SV Investments Limited
      - generic [ref=e891]:
        - link "Sitemap" [ref=e892] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: /en-eu/sitemap
        - link "Cookie Settings" [ref=e893] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: ""
        - link "Regulations" [ref=e894] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: /en-eu/terms-and-policies/regulations
        - link "Terms and Policies" [ref=e895] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: /en-eu/terms-and-policies
        - link "Complaints Procedure (CCSV)" [ref=e896] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: /en-eu/terms-and-policies/complaints-procedure
  - generic [ref=e899]:
    - generic [ref=e900]:
      - heading "Looks like you're in Moldova, Republic of" [level=3] [ref=e902]
      - paragraph [ref=e903]: This website is for a different country. The content here might not be relevant for you.
      - paragraph [ref=e904]:
        - text: This site is operated by Capital Com SV Investments Limited, regulated by the Cyprus Securities and Exchange Commission (CySEC). Please review these
        - link "terms" [ref=e905] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: https://capital.com/terms-and-conditions
        - text: before you continue.
    - generic [ref=e906]:
      - button "Go to the correct site" [ref=e907] [cursor=pointer]
      - button "Stay on this site" [ref=e908] [cursor=pointer]
  - generic:
    - generic:
      - region "Cookie banner" [ref=e909]:
        - alertdialog "We use cookies" [ref=e910]:
          - generic [ref=e911]:
            - button "Close" [ref=e912] [cursor=pointer]
            - generic [ref=e913]:
              - generic [ref=e915]:
                - paragraph [ref=e916]: We use cookies
                - generic [ref=e917]:
                  - text: Continue browsing to accept the
                  - link "More information about your privacy, opens in a new tab" [ref=e918] [cursor=pointer]:
                    - /url: https://capital.com/cookies-policy-cysec
                    - text: Cookie Policy.
              - button "Сlick here to opt out." [ref=e922] [cursor=pointer]
      - text: Сlick here to opt out.
  - button [ref=e923] [cursor=pointer]
  - alert [ref=e924]: Find out how to trade through CFDs | Capital.com EU
```