# Page snapshot

```yaml
- generic [active] [ref=e1]:
  - banner [ref=e2]:
    - button "CFDs are complex instruments and come with a high risk of losing money rapidly due to leverage. 69% of retail investor accounts lose money when trading CFDs with this provider. You should consider whether you understand how CFDs work and whether you can afford to take the high risk of losing your money. Please refer to our Risk Disclosure Statement" [ref=e3]:
      - generic [ref=e6]:
        - text: CFDs are complex instruments and come with a high risk of losing money rapidly due to leverage.
        - generic [ref=e7]:
          - generic [ref=e8]:
            - strong [ref=e9]: 69% of retail investor accounts lose money when trading CFDs with this provider
            - text: .
          - text: You should consider whether you understand how CFDs work and whether you can afford to take the high risk of losing your money. Please refer to our
          - link "Risk Disclosure Statement" [ref=e10] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: https://capital.com/risk-disclosure-policy
    - generic [ref=e14]:
      - generic [ref=e15]:
        - link "PERSONAL" [ref=e16] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: /en-eu
        - link "PROFESSIONAL" [ref=e17] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: /en-eu/professional-clients
      - generic [ref=e18]:
        - link "SUPPORT" [ref=e19] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: /en-eu/help
        - button "en" [ref=e21] [cursor=pointer]:
          - strong [ref=e23]: en
    - generic [ref=e24]:
      - link [ref=e25] [cursor=pointer]:
        - /url: /en-eu
        - img [ref=e26]
      - generic [ref=e35]:
        - button [ref=e37] [cursor=pointer]:
          - generic:
            - textbox "Search"
        - generic [ref=e38]:
          - generic [ref=e39]:
            - link "Trading" [ref=e42] [cursor=pointer]:
              - /url: /en-eu/ways-to-trade
            - generic [ref=e44]:
              - link "Trading" [ref=e46] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: /en-eu/ways-to-trade
                - generic [ref=e48]: Trading
              - generic [ref=e49]:
                - generic [ref=e50]:
                  - strong [ref=e52]: Ways to trade
                  - generic [ref=e53]:
                    - link "CFD trading" [ref=e55] [cursor=pointer]:
                      - /url: /en-eu/ways-to-trade/cfd-trading
                    - link "Knock-outs" [ref=e57] [cursor=pointer]:
                      - /url: /en-eu/ways-to-trade/knock-outs
                - generic [ref=e58]:
                  - strong [ref=e60]: Trading platforms
                  - generic [ref=e61]:
                    - link "All platforms" [ref=e63] [cursor=pointer]:
                      - /url: /en-eu/trading-platforms
                    - link "Web platform" [ref=e65] [cursor=pointer]:
                      - /url: /en-eu/trading-platforms/web-platform
                    - link "TradingView" [ref=e67] [cursor=pointer]:
                      - /url: /en-eu/trading-platforms/trading-view
                    - link "Mobile apps" [ref=e69] [cursor=pointer]:
                      - /url: /en-eu/trading-platforms/mobile-apps
                    - link "MT4" [ref=e71] [cursor=pointer]:
                      - /url: /en-eu/trading-platforms/mt4
                    - link "API documentation" [ref=e73] [cursor=pointer]:
                      - /url: /en-eu/trading-platforms/api-development-guide
                    - link "MT5" [ref=e75] [cursor=pointer]:
                      - /url: /en-eu/trading-platforms/mt5
                - generic [ref=e76]:
                  - strong [ref=e78]: Trading info
                  - generic [ref=e79]:
                    - link "Margin Calls" [ref=e81] [cursor=pointer]:
                      - /url: /en-eu/ways-to-trade/margin-calls
                    - link "Fraud prevention" [ref=e83] [cursor=pointer]:
                      - /url: /en-eu/ways-to-trade/fraud-awareness
                    - link "How withdrawals work" [ref=e85] [cursor=pointer]:
                      - /url: /en-eu/ways-to-trade/how-withdrawals-work
                    - link "24/5 index CFD trading" [ref=e87] [cursor=pointer]:
                      - /url: /en-eu/ways-to-trade/24h-trading
                - generic [ref=e88]:
                  - strong [ref=e90]: Trading tools
                  - generic [ref=e91]:
                    - link "CFD calculator" [ref=e93] [cursor=pointer]:
                      - /url: /en-eu/ways-to-trade/cfd-trading/cfd-calculator
                    - link "Demo trading" [ref=e95] [cursor=pointer]:
                      - /url: /en-eu/trading-platforms/demo-account
          - generic [ref=e96]:
            - link "Markets" [ref=e99] [cursor=pointer]:
              - /url: /en-eu/markets
            - generic:
              - generic:
                - generic:
                  - link "Markets":
                    - /url: /en-eu/markets
                    - generic:
                      - generic: Markets
                - generic:
                  - generic:
                    - generic:
                      - strong: Our markets
                  - generic:
                    - generic:
                      - strong: Market updates
          - generic [ref=e100]:
            - link "Pricing" [ref=e103] [cursor=pointer]:
              - /url: /en-eu/ways-to-trade/fees-and-charges
            - generic:
              - generic:
                - generic:
                  - link "Pricing":
                    - /url: /en-eu/ways-to-trade/fees-and-charges
                    - generic:
                      - generic: Pricing
                - generic:
                  - generic:
                    - generic:
                      - strong: Pricing
          - generic [ref=e104]:
            - link "Learn" [ref=e107] [cursor=pointer]:
              - /url: /en-eu/learn
            - generic:
              - generic:
                - generic:
                  - link "Learn":
                    - /url: /en-eu/learn
                    - generic:
                      - generic: Learn
                - generic:
                  - generic:
                    - generic:
                      - strong: For trading beginners
                  - generic:
                    - generic:
                      - strong: For experienced traders
          - generic [ref=e108]:
            - link "About" [ref=e111] [cursor=pointer]:
              - /url: /en-eu/about-us
            - generic:
              - generic:
                - generic:
                  - link "About":
                    - /url: /en-eu/about-us
                    - generic:
                      - generic: About
                - generic:
                  - generic:
                    - generic:
                      - strong: About us
                  - generic:
                    - generic:
                      - strong: Get help
                  - generic:
                    - generic:
                      - strong: Work for us
                  - generic:
                    - link "Legal documentation":
                      - /url: /en-eu/terms-and-policies
                      - strong: Legal documentation
      - generic [ref=e112]:
        - generic [ref=e113]:
          - button "Log In" [ref=e114] [cursor=pointer]
          - button "Sign Up" [ref=e115] [cursor=pointer]
        - link "Open platform user":
          - /url: /trading/platform/
          - text: Open platform
          - img "user"
  - generic [ref=e117]:
    - generic [ref=e119]:
      - generic [ref=e123]:
        - heading "Choose a broker with rock-solid foundations" [level=1] [ref=e124]
        - paragraph [ref=e126]:
          - text: Traders, we know that security is important to you. Join a broker with $1tn+ volume traded
          - superscript [ref=e127]: "1"
          - text: ", rest assured that your money is ring-fenced at top banks."
        - generic [ref=e128]:
          - button "Sign up" [ref=e129] [cursor=pointer]
          - button "Try Demo" [ref=e130] [cursor=pointer]
      - paragraph [ref=e131]: Authorised and regulated by the Cyprus Securities and Exchange Commission (CySEC)
    - generic [ref=e133]:
      - link "4.8" [ref=e134] [cursor=pointer]:
        - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
        - strong [ref=e137]: "4.8"
      - link "Ratings and Reviews 4.7" [ref=e140] [cursor=pointer]:
        - /url: https://app.appsflyer.com/id1230088754?cp_device_id=beed5e52-9cd0-4733-a672-6e4d7e50d6b7&af_js_web=true&af_ss_ver=2_9_0&pid=organic_web&af_ss_ui=true
        - strong [ref=e142]: Ratings and Reviews
        - strong [ref=e144]: "4.7"
      - link "Ratings and Reviews 4.6" [ref=e147] [cursor=pointer]:
        - /url: https://app.appsflyer.com/com.capital.trading?cp_device_id=beed5e52-9cd0-4733-a672-6e4d7e50d6b7&af_js_web=true&af_ss_ver=2_9_0&pid=organic_web&af_ss_ui=true
        - strong [ref=e149]: Ratings and Reviews
        - strong [ref=e151]: "4.6"
      - link "4.6" [ref=e154] [cursor=pointer]:
        - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
        - strong [ref=e157]: "4.6"
    - generic [ref=e161]:
      - heading "Why choose Capital.com?" [level=2] [ref=e163]
      - generic [ref=e164]:
        - generic [ref=e167]:
          - heading "User-friendly platform" [level=3] [ref=e168]
          - generic [ref=e169]: Trade 5,000+ products on a clean, clear platform and app – built to show you everything you need to see, and nothing you don’t.
          - link "Discover our platforms" [ref=e170] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: /en-eu/trading-platforms
            - generic [ref=e171]: Discover our platforms
        - generic [ref=e174]:
          - heading "A trusted global broker" [level=3] [ref=e175]
          - generic [ref=e177]: Join a community of 787,000+ traders from around the world. Our customers love us so much, they’ve traded over $1tn in volume with us globally.
          - link "Find out more about us" [ref=e178] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: /en-eu/about-us
            - generic [ref=e179]: Find out more about us
        - generic [ref=e182]:
          - heading "Clear, competitive fees" [level=3] [ref=e183]
          - generic [ref=e184]: 0% commission, always. Transparent charges for spreads, overnight funding and guaranteed stop-losses. Click the link below to learn more.
          - link "Check fees" [ref=e185] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: /en-eu/ways-to-trade/fees-and-charges
            - generic [ref=e186]: Check fees
        - generic [ref=e189]:
          - heading "Everything you need to trade" [level=3] [ref=e190]
          - generic [ref=e191]: Compare multiple markets on fast charts. Find tradable patterns with 100+ indicators. Trade direct from in-platform news. Seamless TradingView and MT4 integration. There’s more, but we’re running out of room!
          - link "More ways we help you trade" [ref=e192] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: /en-eu/learn/trading-strategies
            - generic [ref=e193]: More ways we help you trade
        - generic [ref=e196]:
          - heading "Your markets, your leverage" [level=3] [ref=e197]
          - generic [ref=e199]:
            - text: Trade on the France 40, EUR/USD, gold, shares and thousands more. Choose CFDs for leverage, and knock-outs for built-in risk management.
            - superscript [ref=e200]: "3"
          - link "Explore what to trade" [ref=e201] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: /en-eu/markets
            - generic [ref=e202]: Explore what to trade
        - generic [ref=e205]:
          - heading "Become a better trader" [level=3] [ref=e206]
          - generic [ref=e207]: Discover a wide range of free educational materials to help you sharpen your trading skills – market guides, trading strategies and more.
          - link "Learn more" [ref=e208] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: /en-eu/learn
            - generic [ref=e209]: Learn more
      - button "Sign up" [ref=e211] [cursor=pointer]
    - generic [ref=e212]:
      - generic [ref=e214]:
        - heading "Read our reviews to find out more about us" [level=2] [ref=e215]
        - generic [ref=e216]:
          - text: Read the feedback from our clients
          - superscript [ref=e217]: "1"
          - text: ", whatever their experience level."
      - generic [ref=e218]:
        - region [ref=e219]:
          - generic [ref=e221]:
            - group [ref=e222]:
              - link [ref=e223] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                - generic [ref=e225]: 2025-07-01
                - strong [ref=e226]: P**** R******
                - paragraph [ref=e228]: I'm learning the basics of stock investing. This platform is clear and pretty good. I've been using it for over 6 months.
            - group [ref=e230]:
              - link [ref=e231] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                - generic [ref=e233]: 2025-07-01
                - strong [ref=e234]: V***** F******* N***** S****
                - paragraph [ref=e236]: Great customer service I got to say that. They helped get my account back very fast, after i logged myself out by losing my old email, it was so fast you wouldn’t believe it thank you once again.
            - group [ref=e238]:
              - link [ref=e239] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                - generic [ref=e241]: 2025-06-30
                - strong [ref=e242]: B******
                - paragraph [ref=e244]: Everything worked as expected from the 1 day. I didn’t have to search how to use the platform, it’s intuitive. The support chat was there when I had a tiny issue.
            - group [ref=e246]:
              - link [ref=e247] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                - generic [ref=e249]: 2025-06-27
                - strong [ref=e250]: G** G******
                - paragraph [ref=e252]: Capital.com has been great for both learning and trading. The app is clean, fast, and packed with useful tools. Customer support has been solid too. Definitely recommended for beginners and active traders alike.
            - group [ref=e254]:
              - link [ref=e255] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
                - generic [ref=e257]: 2025-06-24
                - strong [ref=e258]: R**************
                - paragraph [ref=e260]: I trade every day and Capital is my beloved home. I also create music and you can always feel when something has been created from the heart. Capital has soul!
            - group [ref=e262]:
              - link [ref=e263] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                - generic [ref=e265]: 2025-06-22
                - strong [ref=e266]: J*** A.
                - paragraph [ref=e268]: The app is built to make options and figures easy to understand, great for beginners and intermediate traders. Demo accounts are simple to set up. 100:1 leverage is available.
            - group [ref=e270]:
              - link [ref=e271] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                - generic [ref=e273]: 2025-06-22
                - strong [ref=e274]: D******
                - paragraph [ref=e276]: Deposits and withdrawals work without issues. Very low spreads. No noticeable fees. Easy to follow.
            - group [ref=e278]:
              - link [ref=e279] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
                - generic [ref=e281]: 2025-06-19
                - strong [ref=e282]: d*********
                - paragraph [ref=e284]: I would like to express a huge thank you to Evgeniya Logvinovich, customer service manager. For your attention and heartfelt attitude to your clients.❤️
            - group [ref=e286]:
              - link [ref=e287] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
                - generic [ref=e289]: 2025-06-16
                - strong [ref=e290]: f*********
                - paragraph [ref=e292]: I am extremely happy with this broker. Great spreads, good selection of instruments, well coded toolbox.
            - group [ref=e294]:
              - link [ref=e295] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
                - generic [ref=e297]: 2025-05-29
                - strong [ref=e298]: C*********
                - paragraph [ref=e300]: Love the TV integration. Makes traders life smooth and comfortable.
            - group [ref=e302]:
              - link [ref=e303] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
                - generic [ref=e305]: 2025-05-20
                - strong [ref=e306]: G****
                - paragraph [ref=e308]: I’d been paper trading for 2yrs now, went live and this platform is easy for beginners to understand and navigate all important tools to execute all that I learned. Earning now!
            - group [ref=e310]:
              - link [ref=e311] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://app.appsflyer.com/com.capital.trading
                - generic [ref=e313]: 2025-04-29
                - strong [ref=e314]: d******
                - paragraph [ref=e316]: This application is perfect.. simple, easy to use, run smoothly and fast and it has an accurate graphics.. be careful to use only one credit card and one bank account to prevent any withdrawal problem.. overnight fees and spread variation will be repaid for you by the next month.. I used many application but this is the best one
            - group [ref=e318]:
              - link [ref=e319] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                - generic [ref=e321]: 2025-02-06
                - strong [ref=e322]: N***** B***
                - paragraph [ref=e324]: User friendly app & interface and good support team. Funds transfer ease & Leverage is an advantage but crypto is highly risky be responsible of your loss limits and risks appetite.
            - group "1 of 13" [ref=e326]:
              - link "2025-07-01 P**** R****** I'm learning the basics of stock investing. This platform is clear and pretty good. I've been using it for over 6 months." [ref=e327] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                - generic [ref=e329]: 2025-07-01
                - strong [ref=e330]: P**** R******
                - paragraph [ref=e332]: I'm learning the basics of stock investing. This platform is clear and pretty good. I've been using it for over 6 months.
            - group "2 of 13" [ref=e334]:
              - link "2025-07-01 V***** F******* N***** S**** Great customer service I got to say that. They helped get my account back very fast, after i logged myself out by losing my old email, it was so fast you wouldn’t believe it thank you once again." [ref=e335] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                - generic [ref=e337]: 2025-07-01
                - strong [ref=e338]: V***** F******* N***** S****
                - paragraph [ref=e340]: Great customer service I got to say that. They helped get my account back very fast, after i logged myself out by losing my old email, it was so fast you wouldn’t believe it thank you once again.
            - group "3 of 13" [ref=e342]:
              - link "2025-06-30 B****** Everything worked as expected from the 1 day. I didn’t have to search how to use the platform, it’s intuitive. The support chat was there when I had a tiny issue." [ref=e343] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                - generic [ref=e345]: 2025-06-30
                - strong [ref=e346]: B******
                - paragraph [ref=e348]: Everything worked as expected from the 1 day. I didn’t have to search how to use the platform, it’s intuitive. The support chat was there when I had a tiny issue.
            - group [ref=e350]:
              - link [ref=e351] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                - generic [ref=e353]: 2025-06-27
                - strong [ref=e354]: G** G******
                - paragraph [ref=e356]: Capital.com has been great for both learning and trading. The app is clean, fast, and packed with useful tools. Customer support has been solid too. Definitely recommended for beginners and active traders alike.
            - group [ref=e358]:
              - link [ref=e359] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
                - generic [ref=e361]: 2025-06-24
                - strong [ref=e362]: R**************
                - paragraph [ref=e364]: I trade every day and Capital is my beloved home. I also create music and you can always feel when something has been created from the heart. Capital has soul!
            - group [ref=e366]:
              - link [ref=e367] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                - generic [ref=e369]: 2025-06-22
                - strong [ref=e370]: J*** A.
                - paragraph [ref=e372]: The app is built to make options and figures easy to understand, great for beginners and intermediate traders. Demo accounts are simple to set up. 100:1 leverage is available.
            - group [ref=e374]:
              - link [ref=e375] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                - generic [ref=e377]: 2025-06-22
                - strong [ref=e378]: D******
                - paragraph [ref=e380]: Deposits and withdrawals work without issues. Very low spreads. No noticeable fees. Easy to follow.
            - group [ref=e382]:
              - link [ref=e383] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
                - generic [ref=e385]: 2025-06-19
                - strong [ref=e386]: d*********
                - paragraph [ref=e388]: I would like to express a huge thank you to Evgeniya Logvinovich, customer service manager. For your attention and heartfelt attitude to your clients.❤️
            - group [ref=e390]:
              - link [ref=e391] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
                - generic [ref=e393]: 2025-06-16
                - strong [ref=e394]: f*********
                - paragraph [ref=e396]: I am extremely happy with this broker. Great spreads, good selection of instruments, well coded toolbox.
            - group [ref=e398]:
              - link [ref=e399] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
                - generic [ref=e401]: 2025-05-29
                - strong [ref=e402]: C*********
                - paragraph [ref=e404]: Love the TV integration. Makes traders life smooth and comfortable.
            - group [ref=e406]:
              - link [ref=e407] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
                - generic [ref=e409]: 2025-05-20
                - strong [ref=e410]: G****
                - paragraph [ref=e412]: I’d been paper trading for 2yrs now, went live and this platform is easy for beginners to understand and navigate all important tools to execute all that I learned. Earning now!
            - group [ref=e414]:
              - link [ref=e415] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://app.appsflyer.com/com.capital.trading?cp_device_id=beed5e52-9cd0-4733-a672-6e4d7e50d6b7&af_js_web=true&af_ss_ver=2_9_0&pid=organic_web&af_ss_ui=true
                - generic [ref=e417]: 2025-04-29
                - strong [ref=e418]: d******
                - paragraph [ref=e420]: This application is perfect.. simple, easy to use, run smoothly and fast and it has an accurate graphics.. be careful to use only one credit card and one bank account to prevent any withdrawal problem.. overnight fees and spread variation will be repaid for you by the next month.. I used many application but this is the best one
            - group [ref=e422]:
              - link [ref=e423] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                - generic [ref=e425]: 2025-02-06
                - strong [ref=e426]: N***** B***
                - paragraph [ref=e428]: User friendly app & interface and good support team. Funds transfer ease & Leverage is an advantage but crypto is highly risky be responsible of your loss limits and risks appetite.
            - group [ref=e430]:
              - link [ref=e431] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                - generic [ref=e433]: 2025-07-01
                - strong [ref=e434]: P**** R******
                - paragraph [ref=e436]: I'm learning the basics of stock investing. This platform is clear and pretty good. I've been using it for over 6 months.
            - group [ref=e438]:
              - link [ref=e439] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                - generic [ref=e441]: 2025-07-01
                - strong [ref=e442]: V***** F******* N***** S****
                - paragraph [ref=e444]: Great customer service I got to say that. They helped get my account back very fast, after i logged myself out by losing my old email, it was so fast you wouldn’t believe it thank you once again.
            - group [ref=e446]:
              - link [ref=e447] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                - generic [ref=e449]: 2025-06-30
                - strong [ref=e450]: B******
                - paragraph [ref=e452]: Everything worked as expected from the 1 day. I didn’t have to search how to use the platform, it’s intuitive. The support chat was there when I had a tiny issue.
            - group [ref=e454]:
              - link [ref=e455] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                - generic [ref=e457]: 2025-06-27
                - strong [ref=e458]: G** G******
                - paragraph [ref=e460]: Capital.com has been great for both learning and trading. The app is clean, fast, and packed with useful tools. Customer support has been solid too. Definitely recommended for beginners and active traders alike.
            - group [ref=e462]:
              - link [ref=e463] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
                - generic [ref=e465]: 2025-06-24
                - strong [ref=e466]: R**************
                - paragraph [ref=e468]: I trade every day and Capital is my beloved home. I also create music and you can always feel when something has been created from the heart. Capital has soul!
            - group [ref=e470]:
              - link [ref=e471] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                - generic [ref=e473]: 2025-06-22
                - strong [ref=e474]: J*** A.
                - paragraph [ref=e476]: The app is built to make options and figures easy to understand, great for beginners and intermediate traders. Demo accounts are simple to set up. 100:1 leverage is available.
            - group [ref=e478]:
              - link [ref=e479] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                - generic [ref=e481]: 2025-06-22
                - strong [ref=e482]: D******
                - paragraph [ref=e484]: Deposits and withdrawals work without issues. Very low spreads. No noticeable fees. Easy to follow.
            - group [ref=e486]:
              - link [ref=e487] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
                - generic [ref=e489]: 2025-06-19
                - strong [ref=e490]: d*********
                - paragraph [ref=e492]: I would like to express a huge thank you to Evgeniya Logvinovich, customer service manager. For your attention and heartfelt attitude to your clients.❤️
            - group [ref=e494]:
              - link [ref=e495] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
                - generic [ref=e497]: 2025-06-16
                - strong [ref=e498]: f*********
                - paragraph [ref=e500]: I am extremely happy with this broker. Great spreads, good selection of instruments, well coded toolbox.
            - group [ref=e502]:
              - link [ref=e503] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
                - generic [ref=e505]: 2025-05-29
                - strong [ref=e506]: C*********
                - paragraph [ref=e508]: Love the TV integration. Makes traders life smooth and comfortable.
            - group [ref=e510]:
              - link [ref=e511] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
                - generic [ref=e513]: 2025-05-20
                - strong [ref=e514]: G****
                - paragraph [ref=e516]: I’d been paper trading for 2yrs now, went live and this platform is easy for beginners to understand and navigate all important tools to execute all that I learned. Earning now!
            - group [ref=e518]:
              - link [ref=e519] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://app.appsflyer.com/com.capital.trading
                - generic [ref=e521]: 2025-04-29
                - strong [ref=e522]: d******
                - paragraph [ref=e524]: This application is perfect.. simple, easy to use, run smoothly and fast and it has an accurate graphics.. be careful to use only one credit card and one bank account to prevent any withdrawal problem.. overnight fees and spread variation will be repaid for you by the next month.. I used many application but this is the best one
            - group [ref=e526]:
              - link [ref=e527] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                - generic [ref=e529]: 2025-02-06
                - strong [ref=e530]: N***** B***
                - paragraph [ref=e532]: User friendly app & interface and good support team. Funds transfer ease & Leverage is an advantage but crypto is highly risky be responsible of your loss limits and risks appetite.
          - generic:
            - button "Go to last slide" [ref=e534] [cursor=pointer]
            - button "Next slide" [ref=e535] [cursor=pointer]
        - paragraph [ref=e536]: Showing our 4 & 5 star reviews. The specific details of the user have been intentionally anonymised to safeguard their privacy pursuant to GDPR requirements.
      - generic [ref=e538]:
        - link "4.8" [ref=e539] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
          - strong [ref=e542]: "4.8"
        - link "Ratings and Reviews 4.7" [ref=e545] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: https://app.appsflyer.com/id1230088754?cp_device_id=beed5e52-9cd0-4733-a672-6e4d7e50d6b7&af_js_web=true&af_ss_ver=2_9_0&pid=organic_web&af_ss_ui=true
          - strong [ref=e547]: Ratings and Reviews
          - strong [ref=e549]: "4.7"
        - link "Ratings and Reviews 4.6" [ref=e552] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: https://app.appsflyer.com/com.capital.trading?cp_device_id=beed5e52-9cd0-4733-a672-6e4d7e50d6b7&af_js_web=true&af_ss_ver=2_9_0&pid=organic_web&af_ss_ui=true
          - strong [ref=e554]: Ratings and Reviews
          - strong [ref=e556]: "4.6"
        - link "4.6" [ref=e559] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
          - strong [ref=e562]: "4.6"
    - generic [ref=e566]:
      - generic [ref=e567]:
        - heading "For experienced traders" [level=2] [ref=e568]
        - paragraph [ref=e570]: The ideal service, tools and resources to further advance your skills.
      - generic [ref=e571]:
        - generic [ref=e573]:
          - heading "Charting tools and indicators" [level=3] [ref=e574]
          - paragraph [ref=e576]: Sharpen your analysis with an array of intuitive charts, drawing tools and 100+ indicators.
        - generic [ref=e578]:
          - heading "Customised leverage" [level=3] [ref=e579]
          - paragraph [ref=e581]: Control larger positions with low margins on selected markets. Leverage magnifies both profits and losses. Limits may apply.
        - generic [ref=e583]:
          - heading "Round-the-clock support" [level=3] [ref=e584]
          - paragraph [ref=e586]: Our knowledgeable team is available 24/7 to assist you.
        - generic [ref=e588]:
          - heading "Customisable price alerts" [level=3] [ref=e589]
          - paragraph [ref=e591]: Monitor the price movements of your favourite assets and stay on top of your strategy.
      - generic [ref=e592]:
        - img "platform" [ref=e594]
        - generic [ref=e595]:
          - heading "Rapid withdrawals" [level=2] [ref=e596]
          - paragraph [ref=e598]: 99% of withdrawals are processed within 24 hours, according to our internal server data from 2024.
    - generic [ref=e600]:
      - generic [ref=e601]:
        - heading "Our markets" [level=2] [ref=e602]
        - generic [ref=e603]:
          - text: Stay informed with the data that matters, on 5,000+ markets. Get the latest news, trader sentiment, spreads, price action and much more.
          - strong [ref=e604]: Knock-out options available only for selected countries.
      - generic [ref=e605]:
        - generic [ref=e606]:
          - generic [ref=e609]:
            - button "CFDs" [ref=e610]: CFDs
            - button "Knock-outs" [ref=e611] [cursor=pointer]: Knock-outs
          - generic [ref=e613]:
            - button "All All Commodities Forex Indices Shares Crypto" [ref=e614]:
              - button "All" [ref=e615] [cursor=pointer]:
                - textbox [ref=e617]: All
              - generic:
                - button "All"
                - button "Commodities"
                - button "Forex"
                - button "Indices"
                - button "Shares"
                - button "Crypto"
            - button "Most traded Sort Top fallers Most traded Top risers Most volatile" [ref=e618]:
              - button "Most traded Sort" [ref=e619] [cursor=pointer]:
                - generic [ref=e620]:
                  - textbox "Sort" [ref=e621]:
                    - /placeholder: " "
                    - text: Most traded
                  - generic: Sort
              - generic:
                - button "Top fallers"
                - button "Most traded"
                - button "Top risers"
                - button "Most volatile"
        - region [ref=e622]:
          - generic [ref=e623]:
            - group "1 of 8" [ref=e624]:
              - button "US 500 6823.0 +0.5%" [ref=e625]:
                - generic [ref=e626]:
                  - generic [ref=e627]: US 500
                  - generic [ref=e628]:
                    - generic [ref=e629]: "6823.0"
                    - generic [ref=e630]: +0.5%
            - group "2 of 8" [ref=e631]:
              - button "US Wall Street 30 48210.6 +0.3%" [ref=e632] [cursor=pointer]:
                - generic [ref=e633]:
                  - generic [ref=e634]: US Wall Street 30
                  - generic [ref=e635]:
                    - generic [ref=e636]: "48210.6"
                    - generic [ref=e637]: +0.3%
            - group "3 of 8" [ref=e638]:
              - button "Germany 40 24069.2 -0.2%" [ref=e639] [cursor=pointer]:
                - generic [ref=e640]:
                  - generic [ref=e641]: Germany 40
                  - generic [ref=e642]:
                    - generic [ref=e643]: "24069.2"
                    - generic [ref=e644]: "-0.2%"
            - group "4 of 8" [ref=e645]:
              - button "Natural Gas 3.7845 +1.070%" [ref=e646] [cursor=pointer]:
                - generic [ref=e647]:
                  - generic [ref=e648]: Natural Gas
                  - generic [ref=e649]:
                    - generic [ref=e650]: "3.7845"
                    - generic [ref=e651]: +1.070%
            - group [ref=e652]:
              - button [ref=e653] [cursor=pointer]:
                - generic [ref=e654]:
                  - generic [ref=e655]: Crude Oil
                  - generic [ref=e656]:
                    - generic [ref=e657]: "56.313"
                    - generic [ref=e658]: +2.310%
            - group [ref=e659]:
              - button [ref=e660] [cursor=pointer]:
                - generic [ref=e661]:
                  - generic [ref=e662]: Silver
                  - generic [ref=e663]:
                    - generic [ref=e664]: "65.958"
                    - generic [ref=e665]: +3.500%
            - group [ref=e666]:
              - button [ref=e667] [cursor=pointer]:
                - generic [ref=e668]:
                  - generic [ref=e669]: Bitcoin/USD
                  - generic [ref=e670]:
                    - generic [ref=e671]: "86854.95"
                    - generic [ref=e672]: "-1.01%"
            - group [ref=e673]:
              - link [ref=e674] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: /en-eu/markets
                - generic [ref=e675]: Browse all markets
          - button "Next slide" [ref=e676] [cursor=pointer]
        - generic [ref=e678]:
          - generic [ref=e679]:
            - generic [ref=e680]:
              - link "US 500" [ref=e681] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: /en-eu/markets/indices/us-500-index-1
                - heading "US 500" [level=3] [ref=e682]
              - generic [ref=e683]:
                - generic [ref=e684]:
                  - link "Sell 6822.5" [ref=e685] [cursor=pointer]:
                    - /url: /instrument?id=21680337780298948
                    - text: Sell
                    - paragraph [ref=e686]: "6822.5"
                  - link "Buy 6823.0" [ref=e687] [cursor=pointer]:
                    - /url: /instrument?id=21680337780298948
                    - text: Buy
                    - paragraph [ref=e688]: "6823.0"
                  - generic [ref=e689]: "0.5"
                - generic [ref=e690]:
                  - generic [ref=e691]: "Low: 6769.2"
                  - generic [ref=e692]: "High: 6823.2"
                - table [ref=e694]
                - generic [ref=e695]:
                  - generic [ref=e696]:
                    - generic [ref=e697]: Sellers
                    - generic [ref=e698]: 23.58%
                  - generic [ref=e699]:
                    - generic [ref=e700]: Buyers
                    - generic [ref=e701]: 76.42%
            - link "Browse all markets" [ref=e703] [cursor=pointer]:
              - /url: /en-eu/markets
              - generic [ref=e704]: Browse all markets
          - generic [ref=e705]:
            - generic [ref=e706]:
              - generic [ref=e707]:
                - button "1d" [ref=e708]
                - button "1h" [ref=e709] [cursor=pointer]
                - button "4h" [ref=e710] [cursor=pointer]
                - button "1m" [ref=e711] [cursor=pointer]
                - button "5m" [ref=e712] [cursor=pointer]
                - button "15m" [ref=e713] [cursor=pointer]
                - button "30m" [ref=e714] [cursor=pointer]
                - button "1w" [ref=e715] [cursor=pointer]
              - generic [ref=e716]: US 500
              - img [ref=e718]
            - strong [ref=e720]: Past performance is not a reliable indicator of future results
    - generic [ref=e723]:
      - generic [ref=e724]:
        - heading "For learner traders" [level=2] [ref=e725]
        - paragraph [ref=e727]: Start your trading journey with Capital.com.
      - generic [ref=e728]:
        - generic [ref=e729]:
          - generic [ref=e730]:
            - heading "User-friendly demo" [level=3] [ref=e731]
            - paragraph [ref=e733]: Build your trading experience with ease, risk-free.
            - button "Try demo" [ref=e735] [cursor=pointer]:
              - generic [ref=e736]: Try demo
          - img "phone" [ref=e738]
        - generic [ref=e739]:
          - generic [ref=e740]:
            - heading "In-depth education" [level=3] [ref=e741]
            - paragraph [ref=e743]: Learn key concepts via accessible courses, webinars, quizzes and videos.
            - link "Learn more" [ref=e745] [cursor=pointer]:
              - /url: en-eu/learn
              - generic [ref=e746]: Learn more
          - img "phone" [ref=e748]
        - generic [ref=e750]:
          - heading "Dedicated help, 24/7" [level=3] [ref=e751]
          - paragraph [ref=e753]: Enjoy knowledgeable and friendly support, around the clock.
        - generic [ref=e755]:
          - heading "Flexible position sizing" [level=3] [ref=e756]
          - paragraph [ref=e758]: Stay comfortable with your exposure and trade using flexible sizings.
        - generic [ref=e760]:
          - heading "Risk-management tools" [level=3] [ref=e761]
          - paragraph [ref=e763]:
            - text: Use stop-losses
            - superscript [ref=e764]: "2"
            - text: to limit your downside when the market goes against you.
      - button "Sign up" [ref=e766] [cursor=pointer]
    - generic [ref=e769]:
      - generic [ref=e770]:
        - heading "Ready to join a leading broker?" [level=2] [ref=e771]
        - generic [ref=e772]: Join our community of traders worldwide
      - generic [ref=e773]:
        - button [ref=e775] [cursor=pointer]
        - generic [ref=e778]: 1. Create your account
        - generic [ref=e779]: 2. Make your first deposit
        - generic [ref=e780]: 3. Start trading
    - generic [ref=e782]:
      - paragraph [ref=e783]:
        - superscript [ref=e784]: "1"
        - text: Information presented relate to Capital Com Group.
      - paragraph [ref=e785]:
        - superscript [ref=e786]: "2"
        - text: Stop-losses may not be guaranteed.
      - paragraph [ref=e787]:
        - superscript [ref=e788]: "3"
        - text: Leverage amplifies both profits and losses.
    - generic [ref=e789]:
      - generic [ref=e790]:
        - generic [ref=e791]: Featured partner
        - img "Featured partner" [ref=e793]
      - generic [ref=e794]:
        - generic [ref=e795]: Trusted partner
        - img "Trusted partner" [ref=e797]
  - contentinfo [ref=e799]:
    - generic [ref=e800]:
      - link [ref=e801] [cursor=pointer]:
        - /url: /en-eu
        - img [ref=e802]
      - generic [ref=e810]:
        - link [ref=e811] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: https://www.linkedin.com/company/capital.com/
        - link [ref=e812] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: https://www.youtube.com/@Capitaltrading/videos
      - generic [ref=e813]:
        - link [ref=e814] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: https://app.appsflyer.com/id1230088754?cp_device_id=beed5e52-9cd0-4733-a672-6e4d7e50d6b7&af_js_web=true&af_ss_ver=2_9_0&pid=organic_web&af_ss_ui=true
        - link [ref=e815] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: https://app.appsflyer.com/com.capital.trading?cp_device_id=beed5e52-9cd0-4733-a672-6e4d7e50d6b7&af_js_web=true&af_ss_ver=2_9_0&pid=organic_web&af_ss_ui=true
        - link [ref=e816] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: https://app.appsflyer.com/com.capital.trading.huawei-huawei?cp_device_id=beed5e52-9cd0-4733-a672-6e4d7e50d6b7&af_js_web=true&af_ss_ver=2_9_0&pid=organic_web&af_ss_ui=true
    - generic [ref=e817]:
      - generic [ref=e818]:
        - generic [ref=e819]:
          - generic [ref=e820]:
            - generic [ref=e821]: "Country / Region:"
            - button "Germany" [ref=e822] [cursor=pointer]: Germany
          - generic [ref=e824]: •
          - generic [ref=e825]:
            - generic [ref=e826]: "Language:"
            - button "English" [ref=e827] [cursor=pointer]
        - generic [ref=e828]:
          - generic [ref=e829]: "Also you can contact us:"
          - link "+357 25123646" [ref=e832] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: tel:+357 25123646
          - generic [ref=e833]: •
          - link "support@capital.com" [ref=e835] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: mailto:support@capital.com
      - generic [ref=e836]:
        - generic [ref=e837]:
          - link "Trading" [ref=e839] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: /en-eu/ways-to-trade
            - strong [ref=e840]: Trading
          - generic [ref=e841]:
            - generic [ref=e842]:
              - generic [ref=e843]: Ways to trade
              - generic [ref=e844]:
                - link "CFD trading" [ref=e846] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/ways-to-trade/cfd-trading
                - link "Knock-outs" [ref=e848] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/ways-to-trade/knock-outs
            - generic [ref=e849]:
              - generic [ref=e850]: Trading platforms
              - generic [ref=e851]:
                - link "All platforms" [ref=e853] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/trading-platforms
                - link "Web platform" [ref=e855] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/trading-platforms/web-platform
                - link "TradingView" [ref=e857] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/trading-platforms/trading-view
                - link "Mobile apps" [ref=e859] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/trading-platforms/mobile-apps
                - link "MT4" [ref=e861] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/trading-platforms/mt4
                - link "API documentation" [ref=e863] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/trading-platforms/api-development-guide
                - link "MT5" [ref=e865] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/trading-platforms/mt5
            - generic [ref=e866]:
              - generic [ref=e867]: Trading info
              - generic [ref=e868]:
                - link "Margin Calls" [ref=e870] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/ways-to-trade/margin-calls
                - link "How withdrawals work" [ref=e872] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/ways-to-trade/how-withdrawals-work
                - link "Fraud prevention" [ref=e874] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/ways-to-trade/fraud-awareness
            - generic [ref=e875]:
              - generic [ref=e876]: Trading tools
              - generic [ref=e877]:
                - link "CFD calculator" [ref=e879] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/ways-to-trade/cfd-trading/cfd-calculator
                - link "Demo trading" [ref=e881] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/trading-platforms/demo-account
        - generic [ref=e882]:
          - link "Markets" [ref=e884] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: /en-eu/markets
            - strong [ref=e885]: Markets
          - generic [ref=e886]:
            - generic [ref=e887]:
              - generic [ref=e888]: Our markets
              - generic [ref=e889]:
                - link "Forex" [ref=e891] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/markets/forex
                - link "Shares" [ref=e893] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/markets/shares
                - link "Indices" [ref=e895] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/markets/indices
                - link "Commodities" [ref=e897] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/markets/commodities
                - link "Cryptocurrencies" [ref=e899] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/markets/cryptocurrencies
            - generic [ref=e900]:
              - generic [ref=e901]: Market updates
              - link "Market analysis" [ref=e904] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: /en-eu/analysis
            - link "All Markets & Instruments" [ref=e906] [cursor=pointer]:
              - /url: /en-eu/markets-and-instruments-sitemap
        - generic [ref=e907]:
          - link "Pricing" [ref=e909] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: /en-eu/ways-to-trade/fees-and-charges
            - strong [ref=e910]: Pricing
          - generic [ref=e912]:
            - generic [ref=e913]: Pricing
            - generic [ref=e914]:
              - link "Charges and fees" [ref=e916] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: /en-eu/ways-to-trade/fees-and-charges
              - link "Our business model" [ref=e918] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: /en-eu/about-us/how-capital-makes-money
              - link "Capital.com's pricing" [ref=e920] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: /en-eu/ways-to-trade/pricing
              - link "Markets pricing" [ref=e922] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: /en-eu/about-us/how-our-markets-are-priced
        - generic [ref=e923]:
          - link "Learn" [ref=e925] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: /en-eu/learn
            - strong [ref=e926]: Learn
          - generic [ref=e927]:
            - generic [ref=e928]:
              - generic [ref=e929]: For trading beginners
              - generic [ref=e930]:
                - link "Trading Essentials" [ref=e932] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/learn/essentials
                - link "Risk-management" [ref=e934] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/learn/risk-management
                - link "Market guides" [ref=e936] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/learn/market-guides
                - link "Demo trading" [ref=e938] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/trading-platforms/demo-account
                - link "Stock course" [ref=e940] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/learn/stock-course
                - link "Indices course" [ref=e942] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/learn/indices-course
                - link "Crypto course" [ref=e944] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/learn/crypto-course
                - link "Commodity course" [ref=e946] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/learn/commodity-course
                - link "Forex course" [ref=e948] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/learn/forex-course
                - link "Investmate app" [ref=e950] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/learn/investmate-trading-app
                - link "Glossary" [ref=e952] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/learn/glossary
            - generic [ref=e953]:
              - generic [ref=e954]: For experienced traders
              - generic [ref=e955]:
                - link "Trading Strategies" [ref=e957] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/learn/trading-strategies
                - link "Technical analysis" [ref=e959] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/learn/technical-analysis
                - link "Market analysis" [ref=e961] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/analysis
                - link "Trading Psychology" [ref=e963] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/learn/trading-psychology
                - link "IPO Trading" [ref=e965] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/learn/ipo
        - generic [ref=e966]:
          - link "About" [ref=e968] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: /en-eu/about-us
            - strong [ref=e969]: About
          - generic [ref=e970]:
            - generic [ref=e971]:
              - generic [ref=e972]: About us
              - generic [ref=e973]:
                - link "Leadership team" [ref=e975] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/about-us/our-leadership
                - link "Why Capital.com?" [ref=e977] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/why-capital
                - link "Our history" [ref=e979] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/about-us/our-history
                - link "Our offices" [ref=e981] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/about-us/our-offices
                - link "Contact us" [ref=e983] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/contact-us
                - link "Press releases" [ref=e985] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/media-centre
                - link "Is capital.com safe?" [ref=e987] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/security-measures
                - link "Investor Relations" [ref=e989] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/about-us/investor-relations
                - link "Careers" [ref=e991] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/about-us/careers
                - link "Viktor Prokopenya" [ref=e993] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/about-us/viktor-prokopenya
            - generic [ref=e994]:
              - generic [ref=e995]: Get help
              - generic [ref=e996]:
                - link "Help" [ref=e998] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/help
                - link "Client vulnerability" [ref=e1000] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/help/client-vulnerability
            - generic [ref=e1001]:
              - generic [ref=e1002]: Work for us
              - link "Careers" [ref=e1005] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: /en-eu/about-us/careers
            - generic [ref=e1006]:
              - link "Legal documentation" [ref=e1007] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: /en-eu/terms-and-policies
              - generic [ref=e1008]:
                - link "Terms and policies" [ref=e1010] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/terms-and-policies
                - link "Complaints Procedure (CCSV)" [ref=e1012] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/terms-and-policies/complaints-procedure
    - generic [ref=e1014]:
      - paragraph [ref=e1015]:
        - text: CFDs are complex instruments and come with a high risk of losing money rapidly due to leverage.
        - generic [ref=e1016]:
          - generic [ref=e1017]:
            - strong [ref=e1018]: 69% of retail investor accounts lose money when trading CFDs with this provider
            - text: .
          - text: You should consider whether you understand how CFDs work and whether you can afford to take the high risk of losing your money. Please refer to our
          - link "Risk Disclosure Statement" [ref=e1019] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: https://capital.com/risk-disclosure-policy
      - paragraph [ref=e1020]:
        - text: "Risk warning: The value of shares and ETFs bought through a share dealing account can fall as well as rise, which could mean getting back less than you originally put in. Past performance is no guarantee of future results."
        - text: Transactions in non-deliverable over-the-counter instruments, such as knock-out options and CFDs are complex financial products that carry a high risk of losing all invested capital. Such products are not suitable for all investors, as they may lead to both gains and significant losses. Before engaging in this type of trading, you should carefully consider whether you understand how these instruments work and whether you can afford to take the high risk of losing your money. Knock-out options available only for residents of Romania, Austria and Sweden.
        - text: For professional clients, there is a risk of losing more than the initial deposit. The information on this website is general in nature and does not consider your financial situation, objectives or needs. Please review our legal documents and ensure you fully understand the risks before making any trading decisions. We encourage you to use the training services of our company to better understand the risks before engaging in trading operations.
      - paragraph [ref=e1021]
      - paragraph [ref=e1022]: "Capital Com SV Investments Limited is a company incorporated in the Republic of Cyprus with registration number HE 354252 and is authorised and regulated by the Cyprus Securities and Exchange Commission (License Number 319/17). Registered Office: Vasileiou Makedonos 8, Kinnis Business Center, 2nd floor, 3040, Limassol, Cyprus."
      - paragraph [ref=e1023]: The information on this site is not directed at residents of the United States, Canada and Belgium or any particular country outside the EEA, and is not intended for distribution to or use by, any person in any country or jurisdiction where such distribution or use would be contrary to local law or regulation.
    - generic [ref=e1024]:
      - paragraph [ref=e1025]: © 2025 Capital Com SV Investments Limited
      - generic [ref=e1026]:
        - link "Sitemap" [ref=e1027] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: /en-eu/sitemap
        - link "Cookie Settings" [ref=e1028] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: ""
        - link "Regulations" [ref=e1029] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: /en-eu/terms-and-policies/regulations
        - link "Terms and Policies" [ref=e1030] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: /en-eu/terms-and-policies
        - link "Complaints Procedure (CCSV)" [ref=e1031] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: /en-eu/terms-and-policies/complaints-procedure
  - generic:
    - generic: Сlick here to opt out.
  - button [ref=e1032] [cursor=pointer]
  - alert [ref=e1033]
```