# Page snapshot

```yaml
- generic [ref=e1]:
  - banner [ref=e2]:
    - button "Capital.com is regulated by the Securities and Commodities Authority." [ref=e3]:
      - generic [ref=e7]: Capital.com is regulated by the Securities and Commodities Authority.
    - generic [ref=e11]:
      - generic [ref=e12]:
        - link "PERSONAL" [ref=e13] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: /en-ae
        - link "PARTNERS" [ref=e14] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: /en-ae/partnerships
      - generic [ref=e15]:
        - link "SUPPORT" [ref=e16] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: /en-ae/help
        - button "en" [ref=e18] [cursor=pointer]:
          - strong [ref=e20]: en
    - generic [ref=e21]:
      - link [ref=e22] [cursor=pointer]:
        - /url: /en-ae
        - img [ref=e23]
      - generic [ref=e32]:
        - button [ref=e34] [cursor=pointer]:
          - generic:
            - textbox "Search"
        - generic [ref=e35]:
          - generic [ref=e36]:
            - link "Trading" [ref=e39] [cursor=pointer]:
              - /url: /en-ae/ways-to-trade
            - generic:
              - generic:
                - generic:
                  - link "Trading":
                    - /url: /en-ae/ways-to-trade
                    - generic:
                      - generic: Trading
                - generic:
                  - generic:
                    - generic:
                      - strong: Ways to trade
                  - generic:
                    - generic:
                      - strong: Trading platforms
                  - generic:
                    - generic:
                      - strong: Trading info
                  - generic:
                    - generic:
                      - strong: Trading tools
          - generic [ref=e40]:
            - link "Markets" [ref=e43] [cursor=pointer]:
              - /url: /en-ae/markets
            - generic:
              - generic:
                - generic:
                  - link "Markets":
                    - /url: /en-ae/markets
                    - generic:
                      - generic: Markets
                - generic:
                  - generic:
                    - generic:
                      - strong: Our markets
                  - generic:
                    - generic:
                      - strong: Market updates
          - generic [ref=e44]:
            - link "Learn" [ref=e47] [cursor=pointer]:
              - /url: /en-ae/learn
            - generic:
              - generic:
                - generic:
                  - link "Learn":
                    - /url: /en-ae/learn
                    - generic:
                      - generic: Learn
                - generic:
                  - generic:
                    - generic:
                      - strong: For trading beginners
                  - generic:
                    - generic:
                      - strong: For experienced traders
          - generic [ref=e48]:
            - link "Pricing" [ref=e51] [cursor=pointer]:
              - /url: /en-ae/ways-to-trade/fees-and-charges
            - generic:
              - generic:
                - generic:
                  - link "Pricing":
                    - /url: /en-ae/ways-to-trade/fees-and-charges
                    - generic:
                      - generic: Pricing
                - generic:
                  - generic:
                    - generic:
                      - strong: Pricing
          - generic [ref=e52]:
            - link "About" [ref=e55] [cursor=pointer]:
              - /url: /en-ae/about-us
            - generic:
              - generic:
                - generic:
                  - link "About":
                    - /url: /en-ae/about-us
                    - generic:
                      - generic: About
                - generic:
                  - generic:
                    - generic:
                      - strong: About us
                  - generic:
                    - generic:
                      - strong: Get help
                  - generic:
                    - generic:
                      - strong: Work for us
      - generic [ref=e56]:
        - generic [ref=e57]:
          - button "Log In" [ref=e58] [cursor=pointer]
          - button "Sign Up" [ref=e59] [cursor=pointer]
        - link "Open platform user":
          - /url: /trading/platform/
          - text: Open platform
          - img "user"
  - generic [ref=e61]:
    - generic [ref=e63]:
      - generic [ref=e67]:
        - heading "Award-winning trading platform, here in the UAE." [level=1] [ref=e68]
        - paragraph [ref=e70]: Trade with the Best Broker in the Middle East for 2024 (TradingView), also ranked fastest-growing company in the Middle East (Deloitte Technology Fast 50).
        - generic [ref=e71]:
          - button "Sign up" [ref=e72] [cursor=pointer]
          - button "Try demo" [ref=e73] [cursor=pointer]
      - paragraph [ref=e74]: Authorised and regulated by the Securities & Commodities Authority (SCA)
    - generic [ref=e76]:
      - link "4.8" [ref=e77] [cursor=pointer]:
        - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
        - strong [ref=e80]: "4.8"
      - link "Ratings and Reviews 4.7" [ref=e83] [cursor=pointer]:
        - /url: https://app.appsflyer.com/id1230088754?cp_device_id=9f4a54fb-becb-4779-af4c-d99a4a01ffa6
        - strong [ref=e85]: Ratings and Reviews
        - strong [ref=e87]: "4.7"
      - link "Ratings and Reviews 4.6" [ref=e90] [cursor=pointer]:
        - /url: https://app.appsflyer.com/com.capital.trading?cp_device_id=9f4a54fb-becb-4779-af4c-d99a4a01ffa6
        - strong [ref=e92]: Ratings and Reviews
        - strong [ref=e94]: "4.6"
      - link "4.6" [ref=e97] [cursor=pointer]:
        - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
        - strong [ref=e100]: "4.6"
    - generic [ref=e104]:
      - heading "Why choose Capital.com?" [level=2] [ref=e106]
      - generic [ref=e107]:
        - generic [ref=e110]:
          - heading "Local office, world-class service" [level=3] [ref=e111]
          - generic [ref=e112]: Get the customer service you deserve from our UAE office – in Arabic, English and 10+ other languages.
          - link "Contact us" [ref=e113] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: /en-ae/contact-us
            - generic [ref=e114]: Contact us
        - generic [ref=e117]:
          - heading "450+ crypto CFDs. Unmatched range" [level=3] [ref=e118]
          - generic [ref=e119]: "#1 for Most Cryptos and Crypto Trading at the 2025 ForexBrokers.com Awards."
          - link "Go to CFD trading" [ref=e120] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: /en-ae/ways-to-trade/cfd-trading
            - generic [ref=e121]: Go to CFD trading
        - generic [ref=e124]:
          - heading "Up to 300:1 leverage" [level=3] [ref=e125]
          - generic [ref=e127]:
            - text: Trade CFDs on indices and forex with just 0.33% margin.
            - superscript [ref=e128]: "1"
          - link "Go to markets" [ref=e129] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: /en-ae/markets
            - generic [ref=e130]: Go to markets
        - generic [ref=e133]:
          - heading "Fast, seamless payments" [level=3] [ref=e134]
          - generic [ref=e135]: Experience quick, fee-free deposits and withdrawals in AED or USD – with USDT also available.
          - link "Go to Payments and Withdrawals" [ref=e136] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: /en-ae/about-us/payments-and-withdrawals
            - generic [ref=e137]: Go to Payments and Withdrawals
        - generic [ref=e140]:
          - heading "Global scale, built on trust" [level=3] [ref=e141]
          - generic [ref=e143]:
            - text: Join 787,000 clients who have traded $6.91tn with us since launch – backed by worldwide regulation and expert support.
            - superscript [ref=e144]: "2"
          - link "More about Capital.com" [ref=e145] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: /en-ae/about-us
            - generic [ref=e146]: More about Capital.com
        - generic [ref=e149]:
          - heading "VIP events" [level=3] [ref=e150]
          - generic [ref=e151]: Access exclusive learning and networking events hosted for experienced traders.
      - button "Sign up" [ref=e153] [cursor=pointer]
    - generic [ref=e154]:
      - generic [ref=e156]:
        - heading "Read our reviews to find out more about us" [level=2] [ref=e157]
        - generic [ref=e158]: Read the feedback from our clients around the world.
      - generic [ref=e159]:
        - generic [ref=e162]:
          - link "2025-07-01 Victor Flemming Nandwa Søder Great customer service I got to say that. They helped get my account back very fast, after i logged myself out by losing my old email, it was so fast you wouldn’t believe it thank you once again." [ref=e163] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
            - generic [ref=e165]: 2025-07-01
            - strong [ref=e166]: Victor Flemming Nandwa Søder
            - paragraph [ref=e168]: Great customer service I got to say that. They helped get my account back very fast, after i logged myself out by losing my old email, it was so fast you wouldn’t believe it thank you once again.
          - link "2025-07-01 Perry Reineke I'm learning the basics of stock investing. This platform is clear and pretty good. I've been using it for over 6 months." [ref=e170] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
            - generic [ref=e172]: 2025-07-01
            - strong [ref=e173]: Perry Reineke
            - paragraph [ref=e175]: I'm learning the basics of stock investing. This platform is clear and pretty good. I've been using it for over 6 months.
          - link "2025-06-29 proinpro Capital is really great to be used on start, also beginner friendly broker! Great costumer support and it is quick!" [ref=e177] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
            - generic [ref=e179]: 2025-06-29
            - strong [ref=e180]: proinpro
            - paragraph [ref=e182]: Capital is really great to be used on start, also beginner friendly broker! Great costumer support and it is quick!
          - link "2025-06-27 Gio Gvazava Capital.com has been great for both learning and trading. The app is clean, fast, and packed with useful tools. Customer support has been solid too. Definitely recommended for beginners and active traders alike." [ref=e184] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
            - generic [ref=e186]: 2025-06-27
            - strong [ref=e187]: Gio Gvazava
            - paragraph [ref=e189]: Capital.com has been great for both learning and trading. The app is clean, fast, and packed with useful tools. Customer support has been solid too. Definitely recommended for beginners and active traders alike.
          - link "2025-06-27 Douglas Deposits and withdrawals work without issues. Very low spreads. No noticeable fees. Easy to follow." [ref=e191] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
            - generic [ref=e193]: 2025-06-27
            - strong [ref=e194]: Douglas
            - paragraph [ref=e196]: Deposits and withdrawals work without issues. Very low spreads. No noticeable fees. Easy to follow.
          - link "2025-06-22 Jean A. The app is built to make options and figures easy to understand, great for beginners and intermediate traders. Demo accounts are simple to set up. 100:1 leverage is available." [ref=e198] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
            - generic [ref=e200]: 2025-06-22
            - strong [ref=e201]: Jean A.
            - paragraph [ref=e203]: The app is built to make options and figures easy to understand, great for beginners and intermediate traders. Demo accounts are simple to set up. 100:1 leverage is available.
          - link "2025-06-19 foobarbeer I am extremely happy with this broker. Great spreads, good selection of instruments, well coded toolbox." [ref=e205] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
            - generic [ref=e207]: 2025-06-19
            - strong [ref=e208]: foobarbeer
            - paragraph [ref=e210]: I am extremely happy with this broker. Great spreads, good selection of instruments, well coded toolbox.
          - link "2025-06-19 Casaubon70 Love the TV integration. Makes traders life smooth and comfortable." [ref=e212] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
            - generic [ref=e214]: 2025-06-19
            - strong [ref=e215]: Casaubon70
            - paragraph [ref=e217]: Love the TV integration. Makes traders life smooth and comfortable.
          - link "2025-06-19 dgogidze7 I would like to express a huge thank you to Evgeniya Logvinovich, customer service manager. For your attention and heartfelt attitude to your clients.❤️" [ref=e219] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
            - generic [ref=e221]: 2025-06-19
            - strong [ref=e222]: dgogidze7
            - paragraph [ref=e224]: I would like to express a huge thank you to Evgeniya Logvinovich, customer service manager. For your attention and heartfelt attitude to your clients.❤️
          - link "2025-05-30 Brigman Everything worked as expected from the 1 day. I didn’t have to search how to use the platform, it’s intuitive. The support chat was there when I had a tiny issue." [ref=e226] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
            - generic [ref=e228]: 2025-05-30
            - strong [ref=e229]: Brigman
            - paragraph [ref=e231]: Everything worked as expected from the 1 day. I didn’t have to search how to use the platform, it’s intuitive. The support chat was there when I had a tiny issue.
          - link "2025-05-24 Radioilluminati I trade every day and Capital is my beloved home. I also create music and you can always feel when something has been created from the heart. Capital has soul!" [ref=e233] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
            - generic [ref=e235]: 2025-05-24
            - strong [ref=e236]: Radioilluminati
            - paragraph [ref=e238]: I trade every day and Capital is my beloved home. I also create music and you can always feel when something has been created from the heart. Capital has soul!
          - link "2025-05-20 GemzT I’d been paper trading for 2yrs now, went live and this platform is easy for beginners to understand and navigate all important tools to execute all that I learned. Earning now!" [ref=e240] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
            - generic [ref=e242]: 2025-05-20
            - strong [ref=e243]: GemzT
            - paragraph [ref=e245]: I’d been paper trading for 2yrs now, went live and this platform is easy for beginners to understand and navigate all important tools to execute all that I learned. Earning now!
          - link "2025-04-29 dmjnoor This application is perfect.. simple, easy to use, run smoothly and fast and it has an accurate graphics.. be careful to use only one credit card and one bank account to prevent any withdrawal problem.. overnight fees and spread variation will be repaid for you by the next month.. I used many application but this is the best one" [ref=e247] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: https://app.appsflyer.com/com.capital.trading?cp_device_id=9f4a54fb-becb-4779-af4c-d99a4a01ffa6
            - generic [ref=e249]: 2025-04-29
            - strong [ref=e250]: dmjnoor
            - paragraph [ref=e252]: This application is perfect.. simple, easy to use, run smoothly and fast and it has an accurate graphics.. be careful to use only one credit card and one bank account to prevent any withdrawal problem.. overnight fees and spread variation will be repaid for you by the next month.. I used many application but this is the best one
          - link "2025-03-24 Debbie P The best trading company I've found so far and so easy to use." [ref=e254] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: https://app.appsflyer.com/com.capital.trading?cp_device_id=9f4a54fb-becb-4779-af4c-d99a4a01ffa6
            - generic [ref=e256]: 2025-03-24
            - strong [ref=e257]: Debbie P
            - paragraph [ref=e259]: The best trading company I've found so far and so easy to use.
          - link "2025-02-06 Nouman Butt User friendly app & interface and good support team. Funds transfer ease & Leverage is an advantage but crypto is highly risky be responsible of your loss limits and risks appetite." [ref=e261] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: https://app.appsflyer.com/com.capital.trading?cp_device_id=9f4a54fb-becb-4779-af4c-d99a4a01ffa6
            - generic [ref=e263]: 2025-02-06
            - strong [ref=e264]: Nouman Butt
            - paragraph [ref=e266]: User friendly app & interface and good support team. Funds transfer ease & Leverage is an advantage but crypto is highly risky be responsible of your loss limits and risks appetite.
        - paragraph [ref=e268]: Showing our 4 & 5 star reviews across TradingView, App Store, Google Play and Trustpilot.
      - generic [ref=e270]:
        - link "4.8" [ref=e271] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
          - strong [ref=e274]: "4.8"
        - link "Ratings and Reviews 4.7" [ref=e277] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: https://app.appsflyer.com/id1230088754?cp_device_id=9f4a54fb-becb-4779-af4c-d99a4a01ffa6
          - strong [ref=e279]: Ratings and Reviews
          - strong [ref=e281]: "4.7"
        - link "Ratings and Reviews 4.6" [ref=e284] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: https://app.appsflyer.com/com.capital.trading?cp_device_id=9f4a54fb-becb-4779-af4c-d99a4a01ffa6
          - strong [ref=e286]: Ratings and Reviews
          - strong [ref=e288]: "4.6"
        - link "4.6" [ref=e291] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
          - strong [ref=e294]: "4.6"
    - generic [ref=e298]:
      - generic [ref=e299]:
        - heading "For experienced traders" [level=2] [ref=e300]
        - paragraph [ref=e302]: The ideal service, tools and resources to further advance your skills.
      - generic [ref=e303]:
        - generic [ref=e305]:
          - heading "Charting tools and indicators" [level=3] [ref=e306]
          - paragraph [ref=e308]: Sharpen your analysis with intuitive charts, drawing tools and 100 indicators.
        - generic [ref=e310]:
          - heading "Get flexible leverage" [level=3] [ref=e311]
          - paragraph [ref=e313]: Control larger positions with low margins on selected markets. Leverage magnifies both profits and losses. Limits may apply.
        - generic [ref=e315]:
          - heading "Proprietary analytics" [level=3] [ref=e316]
          - paragraph [ref=e318]: Track your performance with in-platform insights that help you refine your trading decisions.
        - generic [ref=e320]:
          - heading "Customisable price alerts" [level=3] [ref=e321]
          - paragraph [ref=e323]: Monitor the price movements of your favourite assets and stay on top of your strategy.
      - generic [ref=e324]:
        - img "platform" [ref=e326]
        - generic [ref=e327]:
          - heading "0.03-second execution" [level=2] [ref=e328]
          - paragraph [ref=e330]: Complete your trades in just milliseconds (Capital.com average internal data, July 2025).
    - generic [ref=e332]:
      - generic [ref=e333]:
        - heading "Our CFD markets" [level=2] [ref=e334]
        - generic [ref=e335]: Stay informed with the data that matters, across 5,000+ CFD markets. Includes commodities like oil and gold, indices like US 100, and local shares like SALIK and ADIB.
      - generic [ref=e336]:
        - generic [ref=e339]:
          - button "All All Commodities Forex Indices Shares Crypto" [ref=e340]:
            - button "All" [ref=e341] [cursor=pointer]:
              - textbox [ref=e343]: All
            - generic:
              - button "All"
              - button "Commodities"
              - button "Forex"
              - button "Indices"
              - button "Shares"
              - button "Crypto"
          - button "Most traded Sort Top fallers Most traded Top risers Most volatile" [ref=e344]:
            - button "Most traded Sort" [ref=e345] [cursor=pointer]:
              - generic [ref=e346]:
                - textbox "Sort" [ref=e347]:
                  - /placeholder: " "
                  - text: Most traded
                - generic: Sort
            - generic:
              - button "Top fallers"
              - button "Most traded"
              - button "Top risers"
              - button "Most volatile"
        - generic [ref=e348]:
          - generic [ref=e351]: Japan 225
          - generic [ref=e357]: Germany 40
          - generic [ref=e363]: US Wall Street 30
          - generic [ref=e369]: Natural Gas
          - generic [ref=e375]: Silver
          - generic [ref=e381]: Crude Oil
          - generic [ref=e387]: Bitcoin/USD
        - generic [ref=e391]:
          - generic [ref=e392]:
            - generic [ref=e393]:
              - link "Japan 225" [ref=e394] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: /en-ae/markets/indices/japan-225-index
                - heading "Japan 225" [level=3] [ref=e395]
              - generic [ref=e396]:
                - generic [ref=e397]:
                  - link "Sell 50182.3" [ref=e398] [cursor=pointer]:
                    - /url: /instrument?id=12241936693896217
                    - text: Sell
                    - paragraph [ref=e399]: "50182.3"
                  - link "Buy 50192.3" [ref=e400] [cursor=pointer]:
                    - /url: /instrument?id=12241936693896217
                    - text: Buy
                    - paragraph [ref=e401]: "50192.3"
                  - generic [ref=e402]: "10.0"
                - generic [ref=e403]:
                  - generic [ref=e404]: "Low: 49802.6"
                  - generic [ref=e405]: "High: 50914.7"
                - generic [ref=e406]:
                  - table
                - generic [ref=e407]:
                  - generic [ref=e408]:
                    - generic [ref=e409]: Sellers
                    - generic [ref=e410]: 0%
                  - generic [ref=e411]:
                    - generic [ref=e412]: Buyers
                    - generic [ref=e413]: 0%
            - link "Browse all markets" [ref=e415] [cursor=pointer]:
              - /url: /en-ae/markets
              - generic [ref=e416]: Browse all markets
          - strong [ref=e420]: Past performance is not a reliable indicator of future results
    - generic [ref=e423]:
      - generic [ref=e424]:
        - heading "For learner traders" [level=2] [ref=e425]
        - paragraph [ref=e427]: Start your trading journey with Capital.com.
      - generic [ref=e428]:
        - generic [ref=e429]:
          - generic [ref=e430]:
            - heading "User-friendly demo" [level=3] [ref=e431]
            - paragraph [ref=e433]: Build your trading experience with ease, risk-free.
            - button "Try demo" [ref=e435] [cursor=pointer]:
              - generic [ref=e436]: Try demo
          - img "phone" [ref=e438]
        - generic [ref=e439]:
          - generic [ref=e440]:
            - heading "In-depth education" [level=3] [ref=e441]
            - paragraph [ref=e443]: Learn key concepts via accessible courses, webinars, quizzes and videos.
            - link "Learn more" [ref=e445] [cursor=pointer]:
              - /url: en-ae/learn
              - generic [ref=e446]: Learn more
          - img "phone" [ref=e448]
        - generic [ref=e450]:
          - heading "Dedicated help, 24/7" [level=3] [ref=e451]
          - paragraph [ref=e453]: Enjoy knowledgeable and friendly support, around the clock.
        - generic [ref=e455]:
          - heading "Flexible position sizing" [level=3] [ref=e456]
          - paragraph [ref=e458]: Stay comfortable with your exposure and trade using flexible sizings.
        - generic [ref=e460]:
          - heading "Risk-management tools" [level=3] [ref=e461]
          - paragraph [ref=e463]:
            - text: Use stop-losses
            - superscript [ref=e464]: "3"
            - text: to limit your downside when the market goes against you.
      - button "Sign up" [active] [ref=e466] [cursor=pointer]
    - generic [ref=e469]:
      - generic [ref=e470]:
        - heading "Ready to join a leading broker?" [level=2] [ref=e471]
        - generic [ref=e472]: Join our community of traders worldwide
      - generic [ref=e473]:
        - button [ref=e475] [cursor=pointer]
        - generic [ref=e478]: 1. Create your account
        - generic [ref=e479]: 2. Make your first deposit
        - generic [ref=e480]: 3. Start trading
    - generic [ref=e482]:
      - paragraph [ref=e483]:
        - superscript [ref=e484]: "1"
        - text: Leverage increases both potential profits and potential losses. Even small market movements can result in significant gains or losses
      - paragraph [ref=e485]:
        - superscript [ref=e486]: "2"
        - text: "Volume: all Capital.com servers. Regulated worldwide by CySEC, SCB, SCA, FCA and ASIC."
      - paragraph [ref=e487]:
        - superscript [ref=e488]: "3"
        - text: Stop-losses may not be guaranteed.
  - contentinfo [ref=e490]:
    - generic [ref=e491]:
      - link [ref=e492] [cursor=pointer]:
        - /url: /en-ae
        - img [ref=e493]
      - generic [ref=e501]:
        - link [ref=e502] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: https://twitter.com/capital_arabia
        - link [ref=e503] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: https://www.linkedin.com/company/capital.com
        - link [ref=e504] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: https://www.instagram.com/capitalcomarabia
        - link [ref=e505] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: https://www.youtube.com/@capital.com.287
        - link [ref=e506] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: https://www.tiktok.com/@capitalcomarabia?lang=en
      - generic [ref=e507]:
        - link [ref=e508] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: https://app.appsflyer.com/id1230088754?cp_device_id=9f4a54fb-becb-4779-af4c-d99a4a01ffa6
        - link [ref=e509] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: https://app.appsflyer.com/com.capital.trading?cp_device_id=9f4a54fb-becb-4779-af4c-d99a4a01ffa6
        - link [ref=e510] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: https://app.appsflyer.com/com.capital.trading.huawei-huawei?cp_device_id=9f4a54fb-becb-4779-af4c-d99a4a01ffa6
    - generic [ref=e511]:
      - generic [ref=e512]:
        - generic [ref=e513]:
          - generic [ref=e514]:
            - generic [ref=e515]: "Country / Region:"
            - button "United Arab Emirates" [ref=e516] [cursor=pointer]: United Arab Emirates
          - generic [ref=e518]: •
          - generic [ref=e519]:
            - generic [ref=e520]: "Language:"
            - button "English" [ref=e521] [cursor=pointer]
        - generic [ref=e522]:
          - generic [ref=e523]: "Also you can contact us:"
          - link "+971 4 576 8641" [ref=e526] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: tel:+971 4 576 8641
          - generic [ref=e527]: •
          - link "support@capital.com" [ref=e529] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: mailto:support@capital.com
      - generic [ref=e530]:
        - generic [ref=e531]:
          - link "Trading" [ref=e533] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: /en-ae/ways-to-trade
            - strong [ref=e534]: Trading
          - generic [ref=e535]:
            - generic [ref=e536]:
              - generic [ref=e537]: Ways to trade
              - generic [ref=e538]:
                - link "CFD trading" [ref=e540] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-ae/ways-to-trade/cfd-trading
                - link "Rebates for Active Traders" [ref=e542] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-ae/ways-to-trade/rebates
            - generic [ref=e543]:
              - generic [ref=e544]: Trading platforms
              - generic [ref=e545]:
                - link "All platforms" [ref=e547] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-ae/trading-platforms
                - link "Web platform" [ref=e549] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-ae/trading-platforms/web-platform
                - link "Mobile apps" [ref=e551] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-ae/trading-platforms/mobile-apps
                - link "TradingView" [ref=e553] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-ae/trading-platforms/trading-view
                - link "MT4" [ref=e555] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-ae/trading-platforms/mt4
                - link "API documentation" [ref=e557] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-ae/trading-platforms/api-development-guide
            - generic [ref=e558]:
              - generic [ref=e559]: Trading info
              - generic [ref=e560]:
                - link "Margin Calls" [ref=e562] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-ae/ways-to-trade/margin-calls
                - link "How withdrawals work" [ref=e564] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-ae/ways-to-trade/how-withdrawals-work
                - link "Fraud prevention" [ref=e566] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-ae/ways-to-trade/fraud-awareness
            - generic [ref=e567]:
              - generic [ref=e568]: Trading tools
              - generic [ref=e569]:
                - link "CFD calculator" [ref=e571] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-ae/ways-to-trade/cfd-trading/cfd-calculator
                - link "Demo trading" [ref=e573] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-ae/trading-platforms/demo-account
        - generic [ref=e574]:
          - link "Markets" [ref=e576] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: /en-ae/markets
            - strong [ref=e577]: Markets
          - generic [ref=e578]:
            - generic [ref=e579]:
              - generic [ref=e580]: Our markets
              - generic [ref=e581]:
                - link "Shares" [ref=e583] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-ae/markets/shares
                - link "Forex" [ref=e585] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-ae/markets/forex
                - link "Indices" [ref=e587] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-ae/markets/indices
                - link "Commodities" [ref=e589] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-ae/markets/commodities
                - link "Cryptocurrencies" [ref=e591] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-ae/markets/cryptocurrencies
            - generic [ref=e592]:
              - generic [ref=e593]: Market updates
              - link "Market analysis" [ref=e596] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: /en-ae/analysis
            - link "All Markets & Instruments" [ref=e598] [cursor=pointer]:
              - /url: /en-ae/markets-and-instruments-sitemap
        - generic [ref=e599]:
          - link "Learn" [ref=e601] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: /en-ae/learn
            - strong [ref=e602]: Learn
          - generic [ref=e603]:
            - generic [ref=e604]:
              - generic [ref=e605]: For trading beginners
              - generic [ref=e606]:
                - link "Trading Essentials" [ref=e608] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-ae/learn/essentials
                - link "Risk management" [ref=e610] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-ae/learn/risk-management
                - link "Market guides" [ref=e612] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-ae/learn/market-guides
                - link "Demo trading" [ref=e614] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-ae/trading-platforms/demo-account
                - link "Stock course" [ref=e616] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-ae/learn/stock-course
                - link "Indices course" [ref=e618] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-ae/learn/indices-course
                - link "Crypto course" [ref=e620] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-ae/learn/crypto-course
                - link "Commodity course" [ref=e622] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-ae/learn/commodity-course
                - link "Forex course" [ref=e624] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-ae/learn/forex-course
                - link "Glossary" [ref=e626] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-ae/learn/glossary
            - generic [ref=e627]:
              - generic [ref=e628]: For experienced traders
              - generic [ref=e629]:
                - link "Trading Strategies" [ref=e631] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-ae/learn/trading-strategies
                - link "Technical analysis" [ref=e633] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-ae/learn/technical-analysis
                - link "Market analysis" [ref=e635] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-ae/analysis
                - link "Trading Psychology" [ref=e637] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-ae/learn/trading-psychology
                - link "IPO Trading" [ref=e639] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-ae/learn/ipo
        - generic [ref=e640]:
          - link "Pricing" [ref=e642] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: /en-ae/ways-to-trade/fees-and-charges
            - strong [ref=e643]: Pricing
          - generic [ref=e645]:
            - generic [ref=e646]: Pricing
            - generic [ref=e647]:
              - link "Charges and fees" [ref=e649] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: /en-ae/ways-to-trade/fees-and-charges
              - link "Our business model" [ref=e651] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: /en-ae/about-us/how-capital-makes-money
              - link "Capital.com's pricing" [ref=e653] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: /en-ae/ways-to-trade/pricing
              - link "Markets pricing" [ref=e655] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: /en-ae/about-us/how-our-markets-are-priced
        - generic [ref=e656]:
          - link "About" [ref=e658] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: /en-ae/about-us
            - strong [ref=e659]: About
          - generic [ref=e660]:
            - generic [ref=e661]:
              - generic [ref=e662]: About us
              - generic [ref=e663]:
                - link "Leadership team" [ref=e665] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-ae/about-us/our-leadership
                - link "Is capital.com safe?" [ref=e667] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-ae/security-measures
                - link "Our history" [ref=e669] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-ae/about-us/our-history
                - link "Why Capital.com?" [ref=e671] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-ae/why-capital
                - link "Our offices" [ref=e673] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-ae/about-us/our-offices
                - link "Client funds" [ref=e675] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-ae/about-us/what-capital-does-with-your-money
                - link "Contact us" [ref=e677] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-ae/contact-us
                - link "Investor Relations" [ref=e679] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-ae/about-us/investor-relations
                - link "Press releases" [ref=e681] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-ae/media-centre
                - link "Viktor Prokopenya" [ref=e683] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-ae/about-us/viktor-prokopenya
            - generic [ref=e684]:
              - generic [ref=e685]: Get help
              - generic [ref=e686]:
                - link "Help" [ref=e688] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-ae/help
                - link "Client vulnerability" [ref=e690] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-ae/help/client-vulnerability
                - link "Complaints" [ref=e692] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-ae/help/complaints
                - link "Terms and policies" [ref=e694] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-ae/terms-and-policies
            - generic [ref=e695]:
              - generic [ref=e696]: Work for us
              - link "Careers" [ref=e699] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: /en-ae/about-us/careers
    - generic [ref=e701]:
      - paragraph
      - paragraph [ref=e702]:
        - strong [ref=e703]: Over-the-counter leveraged derivative contracts, including contracts for difference and spot foreign exchange products are complex financial instruments and carries a high degree of risk of losing money rapidly due to leverage. Trading Over-the-Counter leveraged derivatives may not be suitable for all investors. Before engaging in any trading activities, you should carefully consider your investment objectives, risk tolerance, and financial situation. Please seek independent financial advice before trading if necessary.
      - paragraph [ref=e704]: Capital Com MENA Securities Trading L.L.C. is a limited liability company with company number 1994695. Capital Com MENA Securities Trading L.L.C. is a Company registered in Dubai, United Arab Emirates, and authorised by the Securities and Commodities Authority with license number 20200000176. The company engages in financial and investment activities under Category One – Dealing in Securities which include (a)Financial Products dealer, (b)Trading broker in the international markets and (c)Trading broker of OTC derivatives and currencies in the spot market. The Company’s registered office is at Jumeirah Emirates Towers, Emirates Towers Offices, Level L14, Unit 14C, Dubai, UAE. Capital Com MENA Securities Trading L.L.C. is an execution only service provider and does not provide investment advice. Capital Com MENA Securities Trading L.L.C. may publish general market commentary from time to time. Where it does, the material published does not constitute advice, or a solicitation, or a recommendation to a transaction in any financial instrument. Capital Com MENA Securities Trading L.L.C. accepts no responsibility for any use of the content presented and any consequences of that use. No representation or warranty is given as to the completeness of this information. Anyone acting on the information provided does so at their own risk. The information contained herein is not intended for distribution to residents in any country where such distribution or use would contravene any local law or regulatory requirement. Our products and services are not available to embargoed or sanctioned countries. The information is not intended for distribution to, or use by, any person in any country or jurisdiction where such distribution or use would be contrary to local law or regulation.
    - generic [ref=e705]:
      - paragraph [ref=e706]: © 2025 Capital Com Mena Securities Trading LLC
      - generic [ref=e707]:
        - link "Sitemap" [ref=e708] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: /en-ae/sitemap
        - link "Cookie Settings" [ref=e709] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: ""
        - link "Clients Funds" [ref=e710] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: /en-ae/about-us/what-capital-does-with-your-money
        - link "Terms and Policies" [ref=e711] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: /en-ae/terms-and-policies
        - link "Complaints Procedure CCMENA" [ref=e712] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: /en-ae/help/complaints
  - generic [ref=e714]:
    - button [ref=e715] [cursor=pointer]
    - generic [ref=e716]:
      - generic [ref=e718]:
        - img [ref=e719]
        - list [ref=e727]:
          - listitem [ref=e728]:
            - generic [ref=e729]: One app. 5,000+ markets
          - listitem [ref=e730]:
            - generic [ref=e731]: 24/7 support to assist you in 10+ languages
          - listitem [ref=e732]:
            - generic [ref=e733]: 75+ technical analysis indicators
          - listitem [ref=e734]:
            - generic [ref=e735]: Free trading education to build your skills
      - generic [ref=e736]:
        - generic [ref=e737]:
          - strong [ref=e738]: Sign up
          - paragraph [ref=e739]:
            - text: Already have an account?
            - button "Login" [ref=e740] [cursor=pointer]:
              - generic [ref=e741]: Login
        - generic [ref=e743]:
          - generic [ref=e744]:
            - button "Email address Please enter a valid Email" [ref=e745] [cursor=pointer]:
              - button "Email address" [ref=e746]:
                - generic [ref=e747]:
                  - textbox "Email address" [ref=e748]:
                    - /placeholder: " "
                  - generic: Email address
              - generic:
                - generic:
                  - listitem:
                    - generic: Please enter a valid Email
            - button "Password • At least one digit • At least one lower case letter • At least one special character • At least one upper case letter • Minimum 8 characters" [ref=e749] [cursor=pointer]:
              - button "Password" [ref=e750]:
                - generic [ref=e751]:
                  - textbox "Password" [ref=e752]:
                    - /placeholder: " "
                  - generic: Password
              - generic:
                - generic:
                  - listitem:
                    - text: •
                    - generic: At least one digit
                  - listitem:
                    - text: •
                    - generic: At least one lower case letter
                  - listitem:
                    - text: •
                    - generic: At least one special character
                  - listitem:
                    - text: •
                    - generic: At least one upper case letter
                  - listitem:
                    - text: •
                    - generic: Minimum 8 characters
          - button "Continue" [ref=e753] [cursor=pointer]:
            - generic [ref=e754]: Continue
        - generic [ref=e755]:
          - separator [ref=e756]
          - generic [ref=e757]: OR
        - generic [ref=e758]:
          - generic [ref=e760]:
            - button "Conectează-te cu Google. Se deschide într-o filă nouă" [ref=e762] [cursor=pointer]:
              - generic [ref=e765]:
                - img
            - iframe
          - button [ref=e772] [cursor=pointer]
        - paragraph [ref=e774]:
          - generic [ref=e775]:
            - text: By creating an account, I confirm that I have read and understood the
            - strong [ref=e776]:
              - link "Privacy Policy" [ref=e777] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: /en-ae/terms-and-policies
  - generic:
    - generic: Сlick here to opt out.
  - button [ref=e778] [cursor=pointer]
  - alert [ref=e779]
```