# Page snapshot

```yaml
- generic [active] [ref=e1]:
  - banner [ref=e2]:
    - button "CFDs are complex instruments and come with a high risk of losing money rapidly due to leverage. 69% of retail investor accounts lose money when trading CFDs with this provider. You should consider whether you understand how CFDs work and whether you can afford to take the high risk of losing your money. Please refer to our Risk Disclosure Statement" [ref=e3]:
      - generic [ref=e6]:
        - text: CFDs are complex instruments and come with a high risk of losing money rapidly due to leverage.
        - generic [ref=e7]:
          - generic [ref=e8]:
            - strong [ref=e9]: 69% of retail investor accounts lose money when trading CFDs with this provider
            - text: .
          - text: You should consider whether you understand how CFDs work and whether you can afford to take the high risk of losing your money. Please refer to our
          - link "Risk Disclosure Statement" [ref=e10] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: https://capital.com/risk-disclosure-policy
    - generic [ref=e14]:
      - generic [ref=e15]:
        - link "PERSONAL" [ref=e16] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: /en-eu
        - link "PROFESSIONAL" [ref=e17] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: /en-eu/professional-clients
      - generic [ref=e18]:
        - link "SUPPORT" [ref=e19] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: /en-eu/help
        - button "en" [ref=e21] [cursor=pointer]:
          - strong [ref=e23]: en
    - generic [ref=e24]:
      - link [ref=e25] [cursor=pointer]:
        - /url: /en-eu
        - img [ref=e26]
      - generic [ref=e35]:
        - button [ref=e37] [cursor=pointer]:
          - generic:
            - textbox "Search"
        - generic [ref=e38]:
          - generic [ref=e39]:
            - link "Trading" [ref=e42] [cursor=pointer]:
              - /url: /en-eu/ways-to-trade
            - generic:
              - generic:
                - generic:
                  - link "Trading":
                    - /url: /en-eu/ways-to-trade
                    - generic:
                      - generic: Trading
                - generic:
                  - generic:
                    - generic:
                      - strong: Ways to trade
                  - generic:
                    - generic:
                      - strong: Trading platforms
                  - generic:
                    - generic:
                      - strong: Trading info
                  - generic:
                    - generic:
                      - strong: Trading tools
          - generic [ref=e43]:
            - link "Markets" [ref=e46] [cursor=pointer]:
              - /url: /en-eu/markets
            - generic:
              - generic:
                - generic:
                  - link "Markets":
                    - /url: /en-eu/markets
                    - generic:
                      - generic: Markets
                - generic:
                  - generic:
                    - generic:
                      - strong: Our markets
                  - generic:
                    - generic:
                      - strong: Market updates
          - generic [ref=e47]:
            - link "Pricing" [ref=e50] [cursor=pointer]:
              - /url: /en-eu/ways-to-trade/fees-and-charges
            - generic:
              - generic:
                - generic:
                  - link "Pricing":
                    - /url: /en-eu/ways-to-trade/fees-and-charges
                    - generic:
                      - generic: Pricing
                - generic:
                  - generic:
                    - generic:
                      - strong: Pricing
          - generic [ref=e51]:
            - link "Learn" [ref=e54] [cursor=pointer]:
              - /url: /en-eu/learn
            - generic:
              - generic:
                - generic:
                  - link "Learn":
                    - /url: /en-eu/learn
                    - generic:
                      - generic: Learn
                - generic:
                  - generic:
                    - generic:
                      - strong: For trading beginners
                  - generic:
                    - generic:
                      - strong: For experienced traders
          - generic [ref=e55]:
            - link "About" [ref=e58] [cursor=pointer]:
              - /url: /en-eu/about-us
            - generic:
              - generic:
                - generic:
                  - link "About":
                    - /url: /en-eu/about-us
                    - generic:
                      - generic: About
                - generic:
                  - generic:
                    - generic:
                      - strong: About us
                  - generic:
                    - generic:
                      - strong: Get help
                  - generic:
                    - generic:
                      - strong: Work for us
                  - generic:
                    - link "Legal documentation":
                      - /url: /en-eu/terms-and-policies
                      - strong: Legal documentation
      - generic [ref=e59]:
        - generic [ref=e60]:
          - button "Log In" [ref=e61] [cursor=pointer]
          - button "Sign Up" [ref=e62] [cursor=pointer]
        - link "Open platform user":
          - /url: /trading/platform/
          - text: Open platform
          - img "user"
  - generic [ref=e63]:
    - paragraph [ref=e66]:
      - link "Home•" [ref=e67] [cursor=pointer]:
        - /url: /en-eu
      - link "All platforms •" [ref=e68] [cursor=pointer]:
        - /url: /en-eu/trading-platforms
      - text: Web platform
    - generic [ref=e69]:
      - generic [ref=e75]:
        - generic [ref=e76]:
          - heading "The Capital.com web trading platform" [level=1] [ref=e77]
          - paragraph [ref=e79]:
            - text: Trade on an
            - link "award-winning" [ref=e80] [cursor=pointer]:
              - /url: https://capital.com/en-eu/about-us
            - text: ", user-friendly platform with advanced tools, integrated financial news, personalised watchlists and much more."
        - button "Create account" [ref=e82] [cursor=pointer]
      - generic [ref=e85]:
        - generic [ref=e86]:
          - heading "Benefits of the Capital.com web trading platform" [level=2] [ref=e87]
          - paragraph [ref=e89]: From 100+ technical indicators to in-depth education and beyond, access all the tools and resources you need on a smart and intuitive interface.
        - generic [ref=e90]:
          - generic [ref=e96]:
            - strong [ref=e97]: Clear, easily-navigable interface
            - paragraph [ref=e99]: Access all the tools you need, when you need them. Discover charts, tools, watchlists, live chat and more - all with fuss-free functionality.
          - generic [ref=e105]:
            - strong [ref=e106]: Multiple chart types
            - paragraph [ref=e108]: Customise charts to suit your style and plan trades with candlestick, bar, area, Heikin-Ashi or line formats. Switch between charting tabs with ease for optimal market visibility.
          - generic [ref=e114]:
            - strong [ref=e115]: Innovative analysis tools
            - paragraph [ref=e117]: From Bollinger Bands® to MACD, sharpen your analysis with 100+ intuitive technical analysis indicators, as well as extensive drawing tools.
          - generic [ref=e123]:
            - strong [ref=e124]: Demo trading mode
            - paragraph [ref=e126]: Hone your strategies with virtual money and explore our straightforward platform risk free, while you get to know the tools and features shared by the live account.
          - generic [ref=e132]:
            - strong [ref=e133]: In-depth financial news
            - paragraph [ref=e135]: Get the latest technical and fundamental updates on all your favourite assets, and inform your trading decisions without leaving the platform.
          - generic [ref=e141]:
            - strong [ref=e142]: Risk-management tools
            - paragraph [ref=e144]:
              - text: Use stop-losses
              - superscript [ref=e145]: "2"
              - text: to limit your downside when the market goes against you, and secure your gains with take-profit orders. Also, try our new trailing stops for a stop level that follows favourable price movements, locking in profits while limiting losses.
          - generic [ref=e151]:
            - strong [ref=e152]: Unlimited watchlists
            - paragraph [ref=e154]: Group your favourite markets together into lists, so you can monitor their performance at a glance as soon as you log into the platform.
          - generic [ref=e160]:
            - strong [ref=e161]: Hedging mode
            - paragraph [ref=e163]: Offset temporary adverse market moves on a trade by opening an opposite position on the same market. Note that when using hedging mode, you’ll need to pay the bid/offer spread and overnight funding on both positions.
      - generic [ref=e164]:
        - generic [ref=e166]:
          - heading "Read our reviews to find out more about us" [level=2] [ref=e167]
          - generic [ref=e168]:
            - text: Read the feedback from our clients
            - superscript [ref=e169]: "1"
            - text: ", whatever their experience level."
        - generic [ref=e170]:
          - region [ref=e171]:
            - generic [ref=e173]:
              - group [ref=e174]:
                - link [ref=e175] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                  - generic [ref=e177]: 2025-07-01
                  - strong [ref=e178]: P**** R******
                  - paragraph [ref=e180]: I'm learning the basics of stock investing. This platform is clear and pretty good. I've been using it for over 6 months.
              - group [ref=e182]:
                - link [ref=e183] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                  - generic [ref=e185]: 2025-07-01
                  - strong [ref=e186]: V***** F******* N***** S****
                  - paragraph [ref=e188]: Great customer service I got to say that. They helped get my account back very fast, after i logged myself out by losing my old email, it was so fast you wouldn’t believe it thank you once again.
              - group [ref=e190]:
                - link [ref=e191] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                  - generic [ref=e193]: 2025-06-30
                  - strong [ref=e194]: B******
                  - paragraph [ref=e196]: Everything worked as expected from the 1 day. I didn’t have to search how to use the platform, it’s intuitive. The support chat was there when I had a tiny issue.
              - group [ref=e198]:
                - link [ref=e199] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                  - generic [ref=e201]: 2025-06-27
                  - strong [ref=e202]: G** G******
                  - paragraph [ref=e204]: Capital.com has been great for both learning and trading. The app is clean, fast, and packed with useful tools. Customer support has been solid too. Definitely recommended for beginners and active traders alike.
              - group [ref=e206]:
                - link [ref=e207] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
                  - generic [ref=e209]: 2025-06-24
                  - strong [ref=e210]: R**************
                  - paragraph [ref=e212]: I trade every day and Capital is my beloved home. I also create music and you can always feel when something has been created from the heart. Capital has soul!
              - group [ref=e214]:
                - link [ref=e215] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                  - generic [ref=e217]: 2025-06-22
                  - strong [ref=e218]: J*** A.
                  - paragraph [ref=e220]: The app is built to make options and figures easy to understand, great for beginners and intermediate traders. Demo accounts are simple to set up. 100:1 leverage is available.
              - group [ref=e222]:
                - link [ref=e223] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                  - generic [ref=e225]: 2025-06-22
                  - strong [ref=e226]: D******
                  - paragraph [ref=e228]: Deposits and withdrawals work without issues. Very low spreads. No noticeable fees. Easy to follow.
              - group [ref=e230]:
                - link [ref=e231] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
                  - generic [ref=e233]: 2025-06-19
                  - strong [ref=e234]: d*********
                  - paragraph [ref=e236]: I would like to express a huge thank you to Evgeniya Logvinovich, customer service manager. For your attention and heartfelt attitude to your clients.❤️
              - group [ref=e238]:
                - link [ref=e239] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
                  - generic [ref=e241]: 2025-06-16
                  - strong [ref=e242]: f*********
                  - paragraph [ref=e244]: I am extremely happy with this broker. Great spreads, good selection of instruments, well coded toolbox.
              - group [ref=e246]:
                - link [ref=e247] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
                  - generic [ref=e249]: 2025-05-29
                  - strong [ref=e250]: C*********
                  - paragraph [ref=e252]: Love the TV integration. Makes traders life smooth and comfortable.
              - group [ref=e254]:
                - link [ref=e255] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
                  - generic [ref=e257]: 2025-05-20
                  - strong [ref=e258]: G****
                  - paragraph [ref=e260]: I’d been paper trading for 2yrs now, went live and this platform is easy for beginners to understand and navigate all important tools to execute all that I learned. Earning now!
              - group [ref=e262]:
                - link [ref=e263] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://app.appsflyer.com/com.capital.trading
                  - generic [ref=e265]: 2025-04-29
                  - strong [ref=e266]: d******
                  - paragraph [ref=e268]: This application is perfect.. simple, easy to use, run smoothly and fast and it has an accurate graphics.. be careful to use only one credit card and one bank account to prevent any withdrawal problem.. overnight fees and spread variation will be repaid for you by the next month.. I used many application but this is the best one
              - group [ref=e270]:
                - link [ref=e271] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                  - generic [ref=e273]: 2025-02-06
                  - strong [ref=e274]: N***** B***
                  - paragraph [ref=e276]: User friendly app & interface and good support team. Funds transfer ease & Leverage is an advantage but crypto is highly risky be responsible of your loss limits and risks appetite.
              - group "1 of 13" [ref=e278]:
                - link "2025-07-01 P**** R****** I'm learning the basics of stock investing. This platform is clear and pretty good. I've been using it for over 6 months." [ref=e279] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                  - generic [ref=e281]: 2025-07-01
                  - strong [ref=e282]: P**** R******
                  - paragraph [ref=e284]: I'm learning the basics of stock investing. This platform is clear and pretty good. I've been using it for over 6 months.
              - group "2 of 13" [ref=e286]:
                - link "2025-07-01 V***** F******* N***** S**** Great customer service I got to say that. They helped get my account back very fast, after i logged myself out by losing my old email, it was so fast you wouldn’t believe it thank you once again." [ref=e287] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                  - generic [ref=e289]: 2025-07-01
                  - strong [ref=e290]: V***** F******* N***** S****
                  - paragraph [ref=e292]: Great customer service I got to say that. They helped get my account back very fast, after i logged myself out by losing my old email, it was so fast you wouldn’t believe it thank you once again.
              - group "3 of 13" [ref=e294]:
                - link "2025-06-30 B****** Everything worked as expected from the 1 day. I didn’t have to search how to use the platform, it’s intuitive. The support chat was there when I had a tiny issue." [ref=e295] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                  - generic [ref=e297]: 2025-06-30
                  - strong [ref=e298]: B******
                  - paragraph [ref=e300]: Everything worked as expected from the 1 day. I didn’t have to search how to use the platform, it’s intuitive. The support chat was there when I had a tiny issue.
              - group [ref=e302]:
                - link [ref=e303] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                  - generic [ref=e305]: 2025-06-27
                  - strong [ref=e306]: G** G******
                  - paragraph [ref=e308]: Capital.com has been great for both learning and trading. The app is clean, fast, and packed with useful tools. Customer support has been solid too. Definitely recommended for beginners and active traders alike.
              - group [ref=e310]:
                - link [ref=e311] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
                  - generic [ref=e313]: 2025-06-24
                  - strong [ref=e314]: R**************
                  - paragraph [ref=e316]: I trade every day and Capital is my beloved home. I also create music and you can always feel when something has been created from the heart. Capital has soul!
              - group [ref=e318]:
                - link [ref=e319] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                  - generic [ref=e321]: 2025-06-22
                  - strong [ref=e322]: J*** A.
                  - paragraph [ref=e324]: The app is built to make options and figures easy to understand, great for beginners and intermediate traders. Demo accounts are simple to set up. 100:1 leverage is available.
              - group [ref=e326]:
                - link [ref=e327] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                  - generic [ref=e329]: 2025-06-22
                  - strong [ref=e330]: D******
                  - paragraph [ref=e332]: Deposits and withdrawals work without issues. Very low spreads. No noticeable fees. Easy to follow.
              - group [ref=e334]:
                - link [ref=e335] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
                  - generic [ref=e337]: 2025-06-19
                  - strong [ref=e338]: d*********
                  - paragraph [ref=e340]: I would like to express a huge thank you to Evgeniya Logvinovich, customer service manager. For your attention and heartfelt attitude to your clients.❤️
              - group [ref=e342]:
                - link [ref=e343] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
                  - generic [ref=e345]: 2025-06-16
                  - strong [ref=e346]: f*********
                  - paragraph [ref=e348]: I am extremely happy with this broker. Great spreads, good selection of instruments, well coded toolbox.
              - group [ref=e350]:
                - link [ref=e351] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
                  - generic [ref=e353]: 2025-05-29
                  - strong [ref=e354]: C*********
                  - paragraph [ref=e356]: Love the TV integration. Makes traders life smooth and comfortable.
              - group [ref=e358]:
                - link [ref=e359] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
                  - generic [ref=e361]: 2025-05-20
                  - strong [ref=e362]: G****
                  - paragraph [ref=e364]: I’d been paper trading for 2yrs now, went live and this platform is easy for beginners to understand and navigate all important tools to execute all that I learned. Earning now!
              - group [ref=e366]:
                - link [ref=e367] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://app.appsflyer.com/com.capital.trading?cp_device_id=5b217fad-d994-47d1-9b0e-31e596627dc6&af_js_web=true&af_ss_ver=2_9_0&pid=organic_web&af_ss_ui=true
                  - generic [ref=e369]: 2025-04-29
                  - strong [ref=e370]: d******
                  - paragraph [ref=e372]: This application is perfect.. simple, easy to use, run smoothly and fast and it has an accurate graphics.. be careful to use only one credit card and one bank account to prevent any withdrawal problem.. overnight fees and spread variation will be repaid for you by the next month.. I used many application but this is the best one
              - group [ref=e374]:
                - link [ref=e375] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                  - generic [ref=e377]: 2025-02-06
                  - strong [ref=e378]: N***** B***
                  - paragraph [ref=e380]: User friendly app & interface and good support team. Funds transfer ease & Leverage is an advantage but crypto is highly risky be responsible of your loss limits and risks appetite.
              - group [ref=e382]:
                - link [ref=e383] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                  - generic [ref=e385]: 2025-07-01
                  - strong [ref=e386]: P**** R******
                  - paragraph [ref=e388]: I'm learning the basics of stock investing. This platform is clear and pretty good. I've been using it for over 6 months.
              - group [ref=e390]:
                - link [ref=e391] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                  - generic [ref=e393]: 2025-07-01
                  - strong [ref=e394]: V***** F******* N***** S****
                  - paragraph [ref=e396]: Great customer service I got to say that. They helped get my account back very fast, after i logged myself out by losing my old email, it was so fast you wouldn’t believe it thank you once again.
              - group [ref=e398]:
                - link [ref=e399] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                  - generic [ref=e401]: 2025-06-30
                  - strong [ref=e402]: B******
                  - paragraph [ref=e404]: Everything worked as expected from the 1 day. I didn’t have to search how to use the platform, it’s intuitive. The support chat was there when I had a tiny issue.
              - group [ref=e406]:
                - link [ref=e407] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                  - generic [ref=e409]: 2025-06-27
                  - strong [ref=e410]: G** G******
                  - paragraph [ref=e412]: Capital.com has been great for both learning and trading. The app is clean, fast, and packed with useful tools. Customer support has been solid too. Definitely recommended for beginners and active traders alike.
              - group [ref=e414]:
                - link [ref=e415] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
                  - generic [ref=e417]: 2025-06-24
                  - strong [ref=e418]: R**************
                  - paragraph [ref=e420]: I trade every day and Capital is my beloved home. I also create music and you can always feel when something has been created from the heart. Capital has soul!
              - group [ref=e422]:
                - link [ref=e423] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                  - generic [ref=e425]: 2025-06-22
                  - strong [ref=e426]: J*** A.
                  - paragraph [ref=e428]: The app is built to make options and figures easy to understand, great for beginners and intermediate traders. Demo accounts are simple to set up. 100:1 leverage is available.
              - group [ref=e430]:
                - link [ref=e431] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                  - generic [ref=e433]: 2025-06-22
                  - strong [ref=e434]: D******
                  - paragraph [ref=e436]: Deposits and withdrawals work without issues. Very low spreads. No noticeable fees. Easy to follow.
              - group [ref=e438]:
                - link [ref=e439] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
                  - generic [ref=e441]: 2025-06-19
                  - strong [ref=e442]: d*********
                  - paragraph [ref=e444]: I would like to express a huge thank you to Evgeniya Logvinovich, customer service manager. For your attention and heartfelt attitude to your clients.❤️
              - group [ref=e446]:
                - link [ref=e447] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
                  - generic [ref=e449]: 2025-06-16
                  - strong [ref=e450]: f*********
                  - paragraph [ref=e452]: I am extremely happy with this broker. Great spreads, good selection of instruments, well coded toolbox.
              - group [ref=e454]:
                - link [ref=e455] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
                  - generic [ref=e457]: 2025-05-29
                  - strong [ref=e458]: C*********
                  - paragraph [ref=e460]: Love the TV integration. Makes traders life smooth and comfortable.
              - group [ref=e462]:
                - link [ref=e463] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
                  - generic [ref=e465]: 2025-05-20
                  - strong [ref=e466]: G****
                  - paragraph [ref=e468]: I’d been paper trading for 2yrs now, went live and this platform is easy for beginners to understand and navigate all important tools to execute all that I learned. Earning now!
              - group [ref=e470]:
                - link [ref=e471] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://app.appsflyer.com/com.capital.trading
                  - generic [ref=e473]: 2025-04-29
                  - strong [ref=e474]: d******
                  - paragraph [ref=e476]: This application is perfect.. simple, easy to use, run smoothly and fast and it has an accurate graphics.. be careful to use only one credit card and one bank account to prevent any withdrawal problem.. overnight fees and spread variation will be repaid for you by the next month.. I used many application but this is the best one
              - group [ref=e478]:
                - link [ref=e479] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
                  - generic [ref=e481]: 2025-02-06
                  - strong [ref=e482]: N***** B***
                  - paragraph [ref=e484]: User friendly app & interface and good support team. Funds transfer ease & Leverage is an advantage but crypto is highly risky be responsible of your loss limits and risks appetite.
            - generic:
              - button "Go to last slide" [ref=e486] [cursor=pointer]
              - button "Next slide" [ref=e487] [cursor=pointer]
          - paragraph [ref=e488]: Showing our 4 & 5 star reviews. The specific details of the user have been intentionally anonymised to safeguard their privacy pursuant to GDPR requirements.
        - generic [ref=e490]:
          - link "4.8" [ref=e491] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Capitalcom/
            - strong [ref=e494]: "4.8"
          - link "Ratings and Reviews 4.7" [ref=e497] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: https://app.appsflyer.com/id1230088754?cp_device_id=5b217fad-d994-47d1-9b0e-31e596627dc6&af_js_web=true&af_ss_ver=2_9_0&pid=organic_web&af_ss_ui=true
            - strong [ref=e499]: Ratings and Reviews
            - strong [ref=e501]: "4.7"
          - link "Ratings and Reviews 4.6" [ref=e504] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: https://app.appsflyer.com/com.capital.trading?cp_device_id=5b217fad-d994-47d1-9b0e-31e596627dc6&af_js_web=true&af_ss_ver=2_9_0&pid=organic_web&af_ss_ui=true
            - strong [ref=e506]: Ratings and Reviews
            - strong [ref=e508]: "4.6"
          - link "4.6" [ref=e511] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/capital.com
            - strong [ref=e514]: "4.6"
      - generic [ref=e517]:
        - heading "Why trade CFDs with Capital.com?" [level=2] [ref=e519]
        - generic [ref=e520]:
          - generic [ref=e522]:
            - heading "Fair and transparent pricing" [level=3] [ref=e523]
            - paragraph [ref=e525]:
              - text: Get full clarity on the spreads and fees we charge via our
              - link "charges and fees" [ref=e526] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://capital.com/en-eu/ways-to-trade/fees-and-charges
              - text: page.
          - generic [ref=e528]:
            - heading "TradingView and MT4" [level=3] [ref=e529]
            - paragraph [ref=e531]: Seamlessly integrate our smart platform with elite third-party software.
          - generic [ref=e533]:
            - heading "Fast withdrawals" [level=3] [ref=e534]
            - paragraph [ref=e536]:
              - text: 99% of our traders’ withdrawal requests were processed within 24 hours in 2024.
              - superscript [ref=e537]: "3"
          - generic [ref=e539]:
            - heading "Round-the-clock support" [level=3] [ref=e540]
            - paragraph [ref=e542]: Get help when you need it, with our knowledgeable team available to assist you 24/7.
      - generic [ref=e545]:
        - generic [ref=e546]:
          - generic [ref=e547]:
            - generic [ref=e548]:
              - heading "Prefer to trade on mobile? Get the app." [level=2] [ref=e549]
              - paragraph [ref=e551]: Trade 5,000+ markets wherever there’s an internet connection, and set price alerts to notify you of significant market moves.
            - generic [ref=e553]:
              - img "QR code" [ref=e554]
              - generic [ref=e555]: Scan to Download
          - img "Image" [ref=e558]
        - generic [ref=e559]:
          - generic [ref=e560]:
            - generic [ref=e561]:
              - heading "Integrate with TradingView" [level=2] [ref=e562]
              - paragraph [ref=e564]: Trade CFDs with Capital.com directly through TradingView’s world-renowned charts.
            - link "Learn more" [ref=e566] [cursor=pointer]:
              - /url: /en-eu/trading-platforms/trading-view
          - img "Image" [ref=e569]
      - generic [ref=e571]:
        - heading "Find out more" [level=2] [ref=e573]
        - generic [ref=e574]:
          - generic [ref=e576]:
            - heading "Explore 5,000+ markets" [level=3] [ref=e577]
            - paragraph [ref=e579]: And view real-time and historical data to inform trading decisions.
            - link "Browse markets" [ref=e580] [cursor=pointer]:
              - /url: https://capital.com/en-eu/markets
              - generic [ref=e581]: Browse markets
          - generic [ref=e583]:
            - heading "Check out our fees" [level=3] [ref=e584]
            - paragraph [ref=e586]: To learn more about our transparent charges.
            - link "Go to fees and charges" [ref=e587] [cursor=pointer]:
              - /url: https://capital.com/en-eu/ways-to-trade/fees-and-charges
              - generic [ref=e588]: Go to fees and charges
          - generic [ref=e590]:
            - heading "Looking for help?" [level=3] [ref=e591]
            - paragraph [ref=e593]: Head to our support centre for FAQs and guides, or use our live-chat service to speak to someone from our team.
            - link "Get support" [ref=e594] [cursor=pointer]:
              - /url: https://capital.zendesk.com/hc/en-us
              - generic [ref=e595]: Get support
      - generic [ref=e597]:
        - generic [ref=e598]:
          - paragraph [ref=e599]: Why choose Capital.com? Our numbers speak for themselves
          - generic [ref=e600]: Capital.com Group
        - generic [ref=e601]:
          - generic [ref=e602]:
            - text: 787K+
            - text: Traders globally
          - generic [ref=e604]:
            - text: 108K+
            - text: Active clients monthly
          - generic [ref=e606]:
            - text: 24/7
            - text: Client support
          - generic [ref=e608]:
            - text: "100"
            - text: Technical indicators
      - generic [ref=e610]:
        - generic [ref=e611]:
          - generic [ref=e612]: Trusted partner
          - img "Trusted partner" [ref=e614]
        - generic [ref=e615]:
          - generic [ref=e616]: Featured partner
          - img "Featured partner" [ref=e618]
      - generic [ref=e621]:
        - paragraph [ref=e622]:
          - superscript [ref=e623]: "1"
          - text: Information presented relates to Capital Com Group.
        - paragraph [ref=e624]:
          - superscript [ref=e625]: "2"
          - text: Stop-losses may not be guaranteed.
        - paragraph [ref=e626]:
          - superscript [ref=e627]: "3"
          - text: "Source: Capital.com Group server data, 2024."
  - contentinfo [ref=e629]:
    - generic [ref=e630]:
      - link [ref=e631] [cursor=pointer]:
        - /url: /en-eu
        - img [ref=e632]
      - generic [ref=e640]:
        - link [ref=e641] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: https://www.linkedin.com/company/capital.com/
        - link [ref=e642] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: https://www.youtube.com/@Capitaltrading/videos
      - generic [ref=e643]:
        - link [ref=e644] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: https://app.appsflyer.com/id1230088754?cp_device_id=5b217fad-d994-47d1-9b0e-31e596627dc6&af_js_web=true&af_ss_ver=2_9_0&pid=organic_web&af_ss_ui=true
        - link [ref=e645] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: https://app.appsflyer.com/com.capital.trading?cp_device_id=5b217fad-d994-47d1-9b0e-31e596627dc6&af_js_web=true&af_ss_ver=2_9_0&pid=organic_web&af_ss_ui=true
        - link [ref=e646] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: https://app.appsflyer.com/com.capital.trading.huawei-huawei?cp_device_id=5b217fad-d994-47d1-9b0e-31e596627dc6&af_js_web=true&af_ss_ver=2_9_0&pid=organic_web&af_ss_ui=true
    - generic [ref=e647]:
      - generic [ref=e648]:
        - generic [ref=e649]:
          - generic [ref=e650]:
            - generic [ref=e651]: "Country / Region:"
            - button "Germany" [ref=e652] [cursor=pointer]: Germany
          - generic [ref=e654]: •
          - generic [ref=e655]:
            - generic [ref=e656]: "Language:"
            - button "English" [ref=e657] [cursor=pointer]
        - generic [ref=e658]:
          - generic [ref=e659]: "Also you can contact us:"
          - link "+357 25123646" [ref=e662] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: tel:+357 25123646
          - generic [ref=e663]: •
          - link "support@capital.com" [ref=e665] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: mailto:support@capital.com
      - generic [ref=e666]:
        - generic [ref=e667]:
          - link "Trading" [ref=e669] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: /en-eu/ways-to-trade
            - strong [ref=e670]: Trading
          - generic [ref=e671]:
            - generic [ref=e672]:
              - generic [ref=e673]: Ways to trade
              - generic [ref=e674]:
                - link "CFD trading" [ref=e676] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/ways-to-trade/cfd-trading
                - link "Knock-outs" [ref=e678] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/ways-to-trade/knock-outs
            - generic [ref=e679]:
              - generic [ref=e680]: Trading platforms
              - generic [ref=e681]:
                - link "All platforms" [ref=e683] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/trading-platforms
                - link "Web platform" [ref=e685] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/trading-platforms/web-platform
                - link "TradingView" [ref=e687] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/trading-platforms/trading-view
                - link "Mobile apps" [ref=e689] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/trading-platforms/mobile-apps
                - link "MT4" [ref=e691] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/trading-platforms/mt4
                - link "API documentation" [ref=e693] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/trading-platforms/api-development-guide
                - link "MT5" [ref=e695] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/trading-platforms/mt5
            - generic [ref=e696]:
              - generic [ref=e697]: Trading info
              - generic [ref=e698]:
                - link "Margin Calls" [ref=e700] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/ways-to-trade/margin-calls
                - link "How withdrawals work" [ref=e702] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/ways-to-trade/how-withdrawals-work
                - link "Fraud prevention" [ref=e704] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/ways-to-trade/fraud-awareness
            - generic [ref=e705]:
              - generic [ref=e706]: Trading tools
              - generic [ref=e707]:
                - link "CFD calculator" [ref=e709] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/ways-to-trade/cfd-trading/cfd-calculator
                - link "Demo trading" [ref=e711] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/trading-platforms/demo-account
        - generic [ref=e712]:
          - link "Markets" [ref=e714] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: /en-eu/markets
            - strong [ref=e715]: Markets
          - generic [ref=e716]:
            - generic [ref=e717]:
              - generic [ref=e718]: Our markets
              - generic [ref=e719]:
                - link "Forex" [ref=e721] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/markets/forex
                - link "Shares" [ref=e723] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/markets/shares
                - link "Indices" [ref=e725] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/markets/indices
                - link "Commodities" [ref=e727] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/markets/commodities
                - link "Cryptocurrencies" [ref=e729] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/markets/cryptocurrencies
            - generic [ref=e730]:
              - generic [ref=e731]: Market updates
              - link "Market analysis" [ref=e734] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: /en-eu/analysis
            - link "All Markets & Instruments" [ref=e736] [cursor=pointer]:
              - /url: /en-eu/markets-and-instruments-sitemap
        - generic [ref=e737]:
          - link "Pricing" [ref=e739] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: /en-eu/ways-to-trade/fees-and-charges
            - strong [ref=e740]: Pricing
          - generic [ref=e742]:
            - generic [ref=e743]: Pricing
            - generic [ref=e744]:
              - link "Charges and fees" [ref=e746] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: /en-eu/ways-to-trade/fees-and-charges
              - link "Our business model" [ref=e748] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: /en-eu/about-us/how-capital-makes-money
              - link "Capital.com's pricing" [ref=e750] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: /en-eu/ways-to-trade/pricing
              - link "Markets pricing" [ref=e752] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: /en-eu/about-us/how-our-markets-are-priced
        - generic [ref=e753]:
          - link "Learn" [ref=e755] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: /en-eu/learn
            - strong [ref=e756]: Learn
          - generic [ref=e757]:
            - generic [ref=e758]:
              - generic [ref=e759]: For trading beginners
              - generic [ref=e760]:
                - link "Trading Essentials" [ref=e762] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/learn/essentials
                - link "Risk-management" [ref=e764] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/learn/risk-management
                - link "Market guides" [ref=e766] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/learn/market-guides
                - link "Demo trading" [ref=e768] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/trading-platforms/demo-account
                - link "Stock course" [ref=e770] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/learn/stock-course
                - link "Indices course" [ref=e772] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/learn/indices-course
                - link "Crypto course" [ref=e774] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/learn/crypto-course
                - link "Commodity course" [ref=e776] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/learn/commodity-course
                - link "Forex course" [ref=e778] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/learn/forex-course
                - link "Investmate app" [ref=e780] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/learn/investmate-trading-app
                - link "Glossary" [ref=e782] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/learn/glossary
            - generic [ref=e783]:
              - generic [ref=e784]: For experienced traders
              - generic [ref=e785]:
                - link "Trading Strategies" [ref=e787] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/learn/trading-strategies
                - link "Technical analysis" [ref=e789] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/learn/technical-analysis
                - link "Market analysis" [ref=e791] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/analysis
                - link "Trading Psychology" [ref=e793] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/learn/trading-psychology
                - link "IPO Trading" [ref=e795] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/learn/ipo
        - generic [ref=e796]:
          - link "About" [ref=e798] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: /en-eu/about-us
            - strong [ref=e799]: About
          - generic [ref=e800]:
            - generic [ref=e801]:
              - generic [ref=e802]: About us
              - generic [ref=e803]:
                - link "Leadership team" [ref=e805] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/about-us/our-leadership
                - link "Why Capital.com?" [ref=e807] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/why-capital
                - link "Our history" [ref=e809] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/about-us/our-history
                - link "Our offices" [ref=e811] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/about-us/our-offices
                - link "Contact us" [ref=e813] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/contact-us
                - link "Press releases" [ref=e815] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/media-centre
                - link "Is capital.com safe?" [ref=e817] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/security-measures
                - link "Investor Relations" [ref=e819] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/about-us/investor-relations
                - link "Careers" [ref=e821] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/about-us/careers
                - link "Viktor Prokopenya" [ref=e823] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/about-us/viktor-prokopenya
            - generic [ref=e824]:
              - generic [ref=e825]: Get help
              - generic [ref=e826]:
                - link "Help" [ref=e828] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/help
                - link "Client vulnerability" [ref=e830] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/help/client-vulnerability
            - generic [ref=e831]:
              - generic [ref=e832]: Work for us
              - link "Careers" [ref=e835] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: /en-eu/about-us/careers
            - generic [ref=e836]:
              - link "Legal documentation" [ref=e837] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: /en-eu/terms-and-policies
              - generic [ref=e838]:
                - link "Terms and policies" [ref=e840] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/terms-and-policies
                - link "Complaints Procedure (CCSV)" [ref=e842] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /en-eu/terms-and-policies/complaints-procedure
    - generic [ref=e844]:
      - paragraph [ref=e845]:
        - text: CFDs are complex instruments and come with a high risk of losing money rapidly due to leverage.
        - generic [ref=e846]:
          - generic [ref=e847]:
            - strong [ref=e848]: 69% of retail investor accounts lose money when trading CFDs with this provider
            - text: .
          - text: You should consider whether you understand how CFDs work and whether you can afford to take the high risk of losing your money. Please refer to our
          - link "Risk Disclosure Statement" [ref=e849] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: https://capital.com/risk-disclosure-policy
      - paragraph [ref=e850]:
        - text: "Risk warning: The value of shares and ETFs bought through a share dealing account can fall as well as rise, which could mean getting back less than you originally put in. Past performance is no guarantee of future results."
        - text: Transactions in non-deliverable over-the-counter instruments, such as knock-out options and CFDs are complex financial products that carry a high risk of losing all invested capital. Such products are not suitable for all investors, as they may lead to both gains and significant losses. Before engaging in this type of trading, you should carefully consider whether you understand how these instruments work and whether you can afford to take the high risk of losing your money. Knock-out options available only for residents of Romania, Austria and Sweden.
        - text: For professional clients, there is a risk of losing more than the initial deposit. The information on this website is general in nature and does not consider your financial situation, objectives or needs. Please review our legal documents and ensure you fully understand the risks before making any trading decisions. We encourage you to use the training services of our company to better understand the risks before engaging in trading operations.
      - paragraph [ref=e851]
      - paragraph [ref=e852]: "Capital Com SV Investments Limited is a company incorporated in the Republic of Cyprus with registration number HE 354252 and is authorised and regulated by the Cyprus Securities and Exchange Commission (License Number 319/17). Registered Office: Vasileiou Makedonos 8, Kinnis Business Center, 2nd floor, 3040, Limassol, Cyprus."
      - paragraph [ref=e853]: The information on this site is not directed at residents of the United States, Canada and Belgium or any particular country outside the EEA, and is not intended for distribution to or use by, any person in any country or jurisdiction where such distribution or use would be contrary to local law or regulation.
    - generic [ref=e854]:
      - paragraph [ref=e855]: © 2025 Capital Com SV Investments Limited
      - generic [ref=e856]:
        - link "Sitemap" [ref=e857] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: /en-eu/sitemap
        - link "Cookie Settings" [ref=e858] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: ""
        - link "Regulations" [ref=e859] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: /en-eu/terms-and-policies/regulations
        - link "Terms and Policies" [ref=e860] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: /en-eu/terms-and-policies
        - link "Complaints Procedure (CCSV)" [ref=e861] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: /en-eu/terms-and-policies/complaints-procedure
  - generic:
    - generic:
      - region "Cookie banner" [ref=e862]:
        - alertdialog "We use cookies" [ref=e863]:
          - generic [ref=e864]:
            - button "Close" [ref=e865] [cursor=pointer]
            - generic [ref=e866]:
              - generic [ref=e868]:
                - paragraph [ref=e869]: We use cookies
                - generic [ref=e870]:
                  - text: Continue browsing to accept the
                  - link "More information about your privacy, opens in a new tab" [ref=e871] [cursor=pointer]:
                    - /url: https://capital.com/cookies-policy-cysec
                    - text: Cookie Policy.
              - button "Сlick here to opt out." [ref=e875] [cursor=pointer]
      - text: Сlick here to opt out.
  - button [ref=e876] [cursor=pointer]
  - alert [ref=e877]: The Capital.com Web Trading Platform | Capital.com EU
```